5	This sweater is so beautiful on. it is thick material, but does not make you look boxy. it fits so nicely and is flattering. the design is just gorgeous. if you are considering this sweater-- get it, you won't regret it! i'm normally a small (4-6) and i ordered a small. it fits true to size. the fit is *perfect* so if you want it slightly more relaxed, order one size up.
4	This piece is almost what i want... i tried on the white version in an xs and it felt a little too large for me, even though it's meant to be a looser fit. the buttercup yellow behind the lace is very pretty - i especially love that part of this tank. it provides a nice contrast and allows the detail to stand out. the navy is also nice (it was on display next to the white and looks better in person than online). what i didn't like was the texture of the spandex on the back portion. it looks like
4	Really like this blouse but am returning for a larger size. much too tight in the upper arms and somewhat tight in the chest - overall i like it.
5	These are the perfect light weight relaxing summer pants! the fabric is soft and light, and has some stretch, so i think they can be worn more fitted way, too. i don't want to show off my bottom half of my body shape, so these are perfect ones to be a bit loose to covers the silhouette but still looks feminine & not too loose. i''m 5'3, 115 lb and usually wear 25-26 jeans, 25 petite gave me the perfect relaxed look without losing the feminine look. i think 24 could fit as well, but would sn
2	These look nothing like the picture! they are super high-waisted & longer than they look in this picture. i felt as if i was wearing a pair of jeans from the 90's that just fit terribly. i thought they were going to be a pair of cropped wide legs & they are far from it. the color was also much lighter than shown in picture. super unflattering & just not for me. they're going back...
5	I ordered this shirt and was happy to see that it looks just like it does online -- i love the rusty orange and pale blue contrast with the navy. the navy blue underlayer is so flattering, and the sheer sleeves are feminine and lovely. the shape and pattern are forgiving. this brand is really hitting it out of the park these days. this blouse runs a bit smaller than some meadow rue. if you're between sizes (especially arm-wise), i'd order up. otherwise just get your regular size. the body is flo
4	On the hanger, this looks like a great lbd. on me, not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle.  for reference, i tried a 0p, and i'm 5,1", 102#, and 34a.
5	Love this cardigan! i've been searching for a comfortable lounge type of sweater and this is perfect. the sleeves are a bit tighter than the body. but i would wear it over a tank top so it is comfortable. i am 125 lb and 5'5' and i ordered my usual m.
5	I was immediately drawn to the ochre yellow color of this dress and it's stitch and pleat details and was happy to score it early enough in the season still in my size and preferred color option. unlike other reviewers, i was not turned off by the ribbing at the neck and arm lines. i received the dress yesterday, am wearing it today, and have already received compliments from even the most sour-faced co-workers who can't give a compliment or share casual conversation in the hallway. the sunny ye
5	I loved this jacket! it's exactly what i was looking for. i set out to find a lightweight sweater or jacket that would keep me warm and also versatile enough to wear with different outfits. this definitely fit the bill! in addition, it's really soft and not at all itchy, which was a concern i had since it was wool and i ordered it online. i have received a bunch of compliments! i definitely recommend it!
5	Several months ago i bought the byron lars pieced brocade dress (size 10) it's a little large through the torso area but with the belt it fits good enough. since i have loved this dress so much i wanted another byron lars dress so i bought the carissima sheath and the sunrose dress both in a 10. they both were way too big so i ordered a size 8 and they both just barely fit ??? oh was i disappointed....so one more try, i ordered this dress the allusione sheath size 10, and yepeee it fits perfect
4	The stitched pattern on this shirt is so pretty! it fits loosely and looks good with a slimmer bottom. it is a little bit itchy but i didn't feel i needed to wear something underneath.
5	This is a pretty blouse that is also very comfortable. i am always an xl in retailer tops, but i needed to go down to a large on this one. this blouse is cut generously everywhere, but going down one size was perfect for me. the fabric in the back falls from the shoulder blade area, so it has a very nice drape in the back. the sleeve cuffs and placket are some sort of cotton, so the cuff made a nice base to fold the sleeve around and up to the elbow. i wore a nude bra underneath, and i can't see m
4	Love this, but it is not a true white. it's slightly ivory, winter white. please be accurate with color descriptions! it's extremely frustrating when online retailers don't describe colors accurately. it can be hard to see subtle color differences in photos (especially with the color white) due to lighting of the shot. we rely on descriptions when ordering online. it's not difficult to do, really it's not. that said, i didn't have any armhole trouble as others did. they were sized just right,
5	I love the style and quality of this skirt. the material is a bit heavier than anticipated, so it works well in cooler months, and the thickness makes it easy to wear a shirt underneath. it fits true to size - my usual 6 is form-fitting without being overly snug or pulled. i am on the taller side, and the skirt is fairly long - it comes to the bottom of my knee.
5	1. i'm 5'5" tall, 143 lbs, and 38-32-40 and my normal size 10s fit me perfectly.
3	I really liked this top when i saw it online. i went to the store to check the sizes. i am a small or a medium. i tried on the s and the xs. even the xs was huge. unfortunately the xxs is sold out. i don't understand the sizing on this at all. it's a shame because the top itself is very pretty. just be sure you try it on before purchasing.
2	I returned the dress because the color was not as pictured in the online photo. i did not like the color.
5	This skirt is amazing! it has the right amount of sparkle and the right amount of shape. i bought this in a size six which i can really switch between 6 and 8 depending but the six fits perfectly. i also bought the regular length even though i could probably be considered petite but it ended up being perfect. but the skirt is so lovely in person and has just enough wow that you can wear this thing with a simple tee and still look amazing. i wore this to a party with a black high neck tank and re
4	I did like the dress, but don't love it. i think it would have been better for me if it were snugger. the xxs petite was still loose and i found that there are so many dresses with the similar fit, i decided to pass... i also do like both colors, the brown is a better choice for me on my skin tone (warmer), but both are nice. i am 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist.
5	Super comfortable and on trend with the embroidery and beading - wore it day after i received to the airport over tee shirt & jeans and got compliments left and right - love it!!
3	These run small. i normally wear 28 on ag stevie's and paige jeans so i ordered these in 28 and they were very tight. otherwise very well made and super cute but i had to return them.
5	I love these pants! super comfy - fit well and a great color. i knew immediately when i put them on that i would love them. and the button fly? to die for. wore them and they did stretch out a bit by the end of the day but they didn't look awful and super baggy. i bought the other color in a size smaller so they might be better. a great pant for summer!
3	I really wanted this skirt to work but it didn't look very flattering on me. a great midi length and very cool pattern, so hopefully will work for others!
3	I was wondering whether to purchase this top and decided last weekend during the 20% off event, i would splurge!!! i got the m as i'm tall (5'10") and it does look a little strange on the arms atleast on my body. the sleeve is cut too high for me. i wish it was longer or even a long-sleeved item! the peach-apricot- nude colored fabric is a little uncomfortable and the fabric close to the neck is a different grey from the other sweatshirt pieces. the sweatshirt pieces aren't particularly soft eit
5	This skirt is very comfortable and fits tts or even runs a bit large. i was able to dress it up with a great white shirt and statement necklace. great find.
3	I ordered these on sale despite a previous reviewer's comment that they were unflattering on the back side. they really do hug your bum, but that is not what bothers me. what bothers me is that the back side is totally see through, so unless you plan on wearing them with a long top, they are not wearable in public or around other people. i have gotten some of my favorite pieces from retailer, but also some of the most poorly designed. unfortunately, these fall in the latter category.
4	I love this jess. i got it in the blue gray color, and i think it's going to be great for spring and will work into summer as well. cloth and stone is always one of my favorite brands and this dress is so soft. i'm thinking that i'm going to belt it to give it some more shape but i like how it looks unbelted as well
5	No only is this a beautiful update to a basic white top it is incredibly soft. i couldn't pass it up and wish it came in more colors!
5	This is a great dress from moving to summer into fall. it's great right now with the warm temps, but a throw on a jacket and some booties and you have a fall outfit. it's very comfortable also. there is a slip underneath which is what you see with the buttons open in the front. i wish the slip was a little longer and the dress is see through. maybe, you can adjust it at the straps some. at any rate, it's a nice dress and i'm keeping it.
4	I bought the holly color which appears almost granite/slate color in natural light. overall, great transitional sweater piece for fall. i'm considering exchanging it for an xs since the s seems a bit large. comfy/cozy yet breathable.
5	I typically wear a 26 or 27 in jeans, had to size up to a 28 in these. the legs felt fine in the size 27, but the waistband was a bit tight, so i went with the 28s. i am 5'2" 115lbs. i'll also be hemming or possibly just cutting these off, they are about 4 inches longer on me compared to the model pictured.
3	Interesting, slightly transparent fabric. neckline is not so open as pictured. body is boxier than pictured. would recommend as a maybe.
4	I got so many compliments on this the first day i wore it. i think of this more like a sweater coat than a regular sweater. it is extremely soft and warm, but not bulky at all. it lays really neatly, which is why i think of it more like a coat. this will definitely be a staple moving into the winter and then into spring. keep in mind though that this does not button - they're just for show.
5	Like the style of a blazer but the fabric of denim. looking forward to pairing with dresses and black pants
5	I love this cardigan! its fit, however, really depends a lot on an individual's height and build. i am about 150 lbs. i have slim arms and am larger in the chest. my typical size in retailer clothing is m. having said that, i found that in this top a s fit best. it made a difference with how the pockets and lapels lay. the pants you wear may affect the look when you snap it closed. wearing leggings or slim pants (ex. pilcro cords) gave a much more flattering look to my backside. jeans...not so muc
1	I really liked the design. ordered a medium which was huge. also thought i would not be able to tolerate it because of the material -- a bit itchy. returned it.
4	Fancy and fun. i love the green and the texture. shiny outside and soft inside. flattering fit and a little whimsical and dressy or casual.
5	I wore this dress to work with a tan pair of booties and the compliments started upon entry and did not stop till the end of the day. very feminine and comfy all at once.
5	I bought this in june on a sale and am so glad that i did. it''s so pretty and classy. the neck has stretch so it's not tight at all. it's styled like a swing top, but it really isn't. there isn't much of a fabric abundance to this, although it is loose (and cool.) i bought an xl, which is my usual size and the fit is fine. there are 2 layers of fabric. i do not think a cami is needed at all. i bought this in black and the floral embroidery just pops! i'm just not a white fan due to cleani
4	So this skirt is everything. the only downside is that it's not in a petite sizing so i'm going to have to get this altered (i'm 5'3). the sizing is appropriate (usually wear an 8 or 10 in pants and got a size medium for the skirt), the material is thick enough for spring or summer weather, the color is just right (not too light), the pockets are adorable and i feel like i'm channeling some 70's realness, sits higher on your waist, and is super comfortable. i know i'm going to get a lot of use o
2	This dress looks great online with boots as shown. when it arrived and i tried it on, it fit great on my arms, wasn't too tight on my neck, but once it went down over my chest (36c), the dress never came back "in" to show my feminine waist/shape. it just looked like a big trash bag on me, very disappointing! similar to a mumu.
4	I ordered this top in small petite but wished i had exchanged it for an xsp because it's wide in the arm holes. but i love it nonetheless and wear it with a cami underneath. i love that while it's sleeveless, the straps are wide. this type of wide top is not for well endowed women up top. i don't have that problem so it looks really cute. i also love the length. a lot of tops tend to be really long and for a petite person, shorter tops look best.
1	I was excited to get this shirt in the mail, i liked the pattern a lot, but was so disappointed when i tried it on. i am 5'4", 130 lbs. and wear a c cup so i tried ordering a small as a starting point. there was enough fabric on the sides to make another shirt! despite the excess fabric, the shirt pulled open in the chest area, making it a complete fail. i'm sure the model in the photo must have the shirt clipped in the back to pull in the excess fabric, especially since she's small on top. ther
1	Love the print and was looking forward to this dress. the length and bust are just right in normal sizing, however the 'swing' effect is all off. there's so much fabric. its like wearing a moo moo. not at all flattering. disappointed in this one.
4	The jacket runs large so size down. it's a good jacket to throw on the go. but i don't see this lasting long bc after he first wash, it started piling. the quality of the material isn't great!
4	Lovely dress. i did send it back only because the length was below my knee and i prefer slightly above the knee.
4	I am obsessed with peplum down coats because the ones you usually see have no shape and are extremely unflattering. i was excited for this to arrive. this is quite nice and it looks more feminine than the other down coats out there. the coat itself runs just true to my shirt size but not what i want for a coat. i will be returning this for a size up because i will want to wear a sweater or at least maybe a thicker shirt under this especially for winter or fall. the fabric is decent and the weigh
2	I waited six weeks for this dress to arrive and was so disappointed. loved the skirt part of it. but the top, which i guess i didn't see in photo was pleated as well, made my bust look huge and it puffed out on sides. would have been a wonderful summer dress, flowing and cool.
4	This just arrived today. the material is very soft and i love the olive color. it has a zipper in the back but i was able to easily slip this over my head, making me think it runs a bit large. because it is loose the fact that the drop waist hits right at the hip doesn't bother me, though i thought it would fall a little lower. i am only 5'2" and i consider this to be a short dress. with thick leggings i think it will be great winter dress. the bodice is fully lined (the skirt is not) and the ne
2	This jacket looked adorable on. it was also quite comfortable. however, it sheds and left fuzz on every dark surface it touched. sadly, this is a deal breaker for me.
4	Loved the fabric of this dress, and the slip that comes with it. i wish the waist line fit a little better though. i am 5'4" with an athletic build and it looked really boxy on me. i was so disappointed. thought i could synch it in to make it work, but think this is a return.
3	I loved this dress in the photos and couldn't wait to try it on in person. the print varies from dress to dress and mine had noticeably much more cream color in it. i didn't mind too much but it didn't look like the dress the model is wearing. i bought the xxs petite which fit true to size. the v neck is a bit low for petite sizing but the length was perfect on my 5'2" frame which was a plus. i agree with the other reviewers the fabric is cheap and feels cheap. not something i would expect from
2	I loved the design online but the sweater is bulky and boxy. i had chosen the cream with blue and now looking back at the other pictures of the beige/cream it represents it better. it made me look very wide. loved it online but it wasn't for me, returned it.
4	I wanted to get a couple tops for date nights that went well with skinny jeans and this hit the mark! as mentioned before, this top is translucent and thus would recommend using a cami as well. however the embroidery is beautiful. i have not had it cleaned yet and thus cannot comment on the durability. can't wait to wear it out.
3	Love the print, length, and cut. but the tie waist hangs in a weird way and seemed like it would stretch out and sag after a while. sad to return it.
5	Absolutely fantastic top, the cut is very flattering and the colors are gorgeous in the pattern (i also bought the white).
3	As other reviewers have pointed out, the bum is not flattering. the pockets are wide and the fit sort of flattens you out. bummer. literally. too bad, i wanted these to work more than then coh's parker cropped. the coh's win. my wallet loses.
4	Great top to dress (further) up or down. it does, however, run large and the straps seem (too) long. if you are a petite you will not be able to wear a regular without alterations.
5	Fabulous dress! clip off the tags because they show through the lace on the back (you can see this on the back photo of one recent reviewer).
4	Very soft, comfy, lightweight sweater. perfect for layering as the weather gets cooler. looks great with jeans or jean shorts.
5	Very flattering on. fitted on top with a loose swingy bottom. like most retailer tops it does run a little big. i would size down if between sizes. the material does seem a little fragile so i'm not sure how it will hold up. i like the look/fit enough that i may get a 2nd color.
5	This romper is adorable!!! i love the long sleeves!
3	I was excited to see this offered by retailer because i have been looking for a light blue summer jacket or blazer that isn't a denim jacket and this seemed to fit the bill. i've ordered several cartonnier blazers in 00p, as early as 2013 and as late as spring 2015, and have been very happy with them. on the plus side i would say that the color is depicted accurately and it does seem like a high quality jacket. but while the shoulders and sleeves were a pretty standard fit for 00p, it was much too
5	Saw this top online and hoped for the best. my hopes were rewarded! lovely lightweight summery top but i think with a cardigan it could be worn in the fall also. i asked 4 friends if they liked it and they all agreed it was very flattering so i decided it was a keeper. have worn it three times since purchasing and have received lots of compliments.
5	This top is really pretty and nice quality. runs big - i went down a size, and its perfect. coloring is more subtle in person than in the photo.
4	I purchased this top in the wine color and found it to be cute and comfortable. the sleeves are not tight which is nice, but it is very short and moving your arms away from our sides make this shirt look a little bit like a tent. the color is pretty and the button detail is nice. overall good purchase, but i'm glad i got it on sale!
4	Great boho chic top. a bit over - sized but soft and love the colors!
5	I just picked this up in store the other day! i absolutely love it! it is so easy to throw on real quick for a cute outfit.
5	The dress is true to fit and very soft. you can dress it up or be casual with a denim jacket.
5	This shirt is so cute with the cutout stripes and it goes with everything. it's easy to wear and true to size. you can dress it up or dress it down. the fabric is soft but also light weight. i am so happy to own this classic piece.
4	I agree with everything the other reviewer stated. this top is very billowy and runs large, it would be nice if i didn't have a chest! the other issue with this top is the macrame detailing is made more out of a satin like material and i wanted it to look closer to natural raw fiber. the pink is slightly more pink in person but it's not that far off. had to return.
5	I'm 5' 0" and 120 pounds. this top is beautiful. it's high neck is so flattering. a nice switch it up for us gals that are older and like neck coverage sometimes. i purchased a small and it is a little longer, but since it has elastic at the waist it's no problem. i will tuck it in my jeans and skirts. the arm holes are perfect. the as far as it being a lot of blouse, i didn't find that at all. but i am busty, 34c or d depending on brand of bra. the color is ivory. omits completely sheer, no lin
4	Perfect sweater to throw on with anything. it is fairly thin, i wore a cami underneath. the sleeves and hem are rolled. you have to be careful and it can snag easily. happy with my purchase.
5	I ordered this blazer so i could look more put-together for work, but still feel comfortable. it checks both of those boxes, (it's almost like a sweatshirt material with more structure) and has a great cut/style. my only word of caution is that i thought this jacket was white with blue stripes, but the white part is actually a light heathered gray. i think i would have preferred white, but i still like it enough to keep. got my normal size small, which fit great.
3	I ordered 2 sizes to try for in store pickup. both were too large, so size down (i am 5'4", 125 lbs and the s was too large in the neck and body, even though i generally wear things large). also, the collar was a hemmed flat collar, not the roll collar depicted. i reviewed that with the salesperson as well -- we were both at a loss to explain why, and the tiger embellishments were more orange, yellow and glittery on the ones i ordered.
2	I ordered this because the reviews were outstanding. i am returning it. although the embroidery looks fine on screen, in person it looks cheap and tacky. moreover, the high ruffled neck goes a step too far -- into over-the-top victorian cutesy. overpriced, to boot. obviously, mine is a minority opinion.
3	I agree with the other reviewer that the color of this top is more burgundy with purple undertones rather than a deep red like shown online. the fit was very boxy on me and it did not look flattering. i was not willing to to have it altered so i returned it.
3	I am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40. i did not purchase this top.
5	I always search each summer for a maxi dress and this is the winner this summed! i love the way it wraps. fits perfectly. i got a size medium and i am 5'5 34dd; the dress is long enough to wear with flats or heels. i recommend this!
3	I got this shirt and loved it so much the first time i wore it. it swings well and is an easy basic that looks great. however, after i washed it the first time, it became clingy and stuck to me and doesn't lie right. it's such a shame because i was thrilled with this as an addition to my wardrobe!
4	I bought this tunic to wear as a swim cover-up, last minute. but it has become my go to for wearing over skinny jeans. the length makes it so versatile, great layering piece.
4	These jeans are very unique thanks to the embroiding. would have perferred colorful embroiding though. they are boyfriend cut, but not slouchy. just a bit loose even around athletic legs. they run true to size, but have a lot of give. after wearing them for a a little bit i catch myself pulling them up a bit. if you want a snug fit and are between sized i would go down a size.
1	Does not say ribbed. did not want ribbed. would not have bought ribbed
5	Great petite maxi! i'm 5'3 and it skims the top of my feet. soft, fits great and went right into my suitcase for my upcoming  trip. can dress up or down.
5	Normally i would not have bought this color and print, it is just not a color that i usually wear. but after reading reviews i ordered it online. i love love this top. it looks good, is flattering, and is a very nice and different color. i wore it with berry leggings and love it. the top is very comfortable, can be worn with pants and leggings. the only issue i have is that since the jersey fabric is only at the back and not in the front, it pulls at the tummy section in the front and shows an o
4	The fabric is so thin, i think this entire garment might actually fit in a normal-sized letter envelope. the problem is not going to be that the garment is see-through (which it is) - it's the fact that the super thin fabric is not silky, it's cotton-ey, and i suspect it will get "stuck" against the back of my shirt/pants while i'm wearing it and not drape nicely. i wonder if some tiny weights could be sewn to the bottom hem to keep it laying properly..... however, i'm such a sucker for a pre
3	I purchased the blouse in both the ivory and black. the black i decided to keep because it will go with anything. i was hoping the ivory blouse would work but it's thin and see through. if someone could please tell me where i could find a casual, white or ivory blouse that is not entirely see through i would greatly appreciate it!
5	This dress might be the most comfortable article of clothing i own, especially for the hot summers. it is attractively loose, and so light that you barely feel like you are wearing it. love it!
4	I tried these on at the store and the fit was good, the length was even ok for me as a petite person. the fabric was substantial and mostly cotton, which i like. but i felt like the floral pattern drew too much attention to my thighs, so it wasn't ultimately something i felt i would wear. still a nice comfort piece if you are ok with a floral pattern on your lower half.
3	I like how this jacket is very versatile. you can wear it to work, or play. it does have interesting detail on it, i kept it based on the price and those details. i have the olive color. the arms are a little tight.
4	I tried this on in the store and almost considered buying it until i looked at the price tag. i think it's unique and interesting. i just don't think it's worth the $$$. the fabric is nothing special and the construction is not complicated enough to warrant the cost. i would consider it on sale. retailer has more interesting sweaters made with softer blends for a similar price - all things considered i don't think it's a smart purchase.
4	It's a pretty, low-key, no fuss skirt. i prefer the ivory color because the details are more visible (there are different designs in the same hue). the zipper is very thick and sturdy, a bonus. size 2 regular fit me well, the hem falls right above my knees (i'm 5'2", 26 waist, 36 hips), perfect for work and play. a touch of linen keeps the fabric cool for summer, but it doesn't wrinkle. for the price and the name like "thera," i expect more flair to match its mediterranean name. for those who do
3	Beautiful pattern and shape! however i had to send it back! it is extremely see through and ran very small! i even sized up and it still pulled in the bust area! maybe someone with a smaller bust might fit them better!
4	I wasn't sure about these when i first took them out, but they are so cute! the fabric is super soft and skims the body/is not clingy. i got the black & the red. the red is more of a magenta, but i'm okay with that. i think these will be great in the fall and early winter too, under cardigans & light jackets. another bonus, they do not show a ton of cleavage, like a lot of tops out there. the arm holes are also very close to perfect. i hate how big the armholes are on tops that basically require
5	I just bought this top yesterday in the yellow. i can't wait until it warms up a little more to wear it. it's very comfortable and very cute. i did have to size down. i may get one of the other prints as well.
4	This is very cute and well-made, but unfortunately for my coloring and hair, washed me out a bit. the attention to detail is fabulous and it is a great layering piece for spring. tts but definitely longer as is shown in picture on model.
4	Never spent this much on a dress so it needs to be amazing for me to keep it.  i've never seen flannel patterns and colors like this. the details in the back are unique. but in the end, i decided to return because it's too long and although it fit fine in a size large it didn't look that great on me. the dress has an exaggerated drop waist that was too low for my short waisted frame. the fabric smells odd. i tried belting it but the pockets and back buttons created bulk.
5	I love this dress! it's so comfy and flowy. i wore to an event and got many compliments on the color and design of the dress. i'm 5'5" and weigh 150.
2	Very very boxy design/cut. try on first or buy knowing you are 90% likely to return. beautiful skirt but if you don't have the right body type/measurements, will not flatter you at all.
5	I love this dress! i bought the blue one and i love the designs. i recently had a baby so my body is still recovering so finding clothes is a bit difficult, but this dress looks awesome and it makes me feel like how i was before i was pregnant! it flows nicely and is super comfortable.
5	I tried this dress on in the store and ended up ordering it online during the dress sale. it is extremely flattering and really accentuates the waist. it is very comfortable, and made of a nice, soft fabric. i am a 34a and it just barely reveals a tiny bit of cleavage so i don't find the neckline too low. i plan to wear it with tights and booties. i am 5' 4" and the regular xs comes to a bit below my knees. going to enjoy wearing this lovely dress!
5	I love charlie pants. i've bought a few in the past, and i've never been disappointed with quality, style, or fit. i love the side zip on these and the nice flat front as a result. i wish more pants were side zip- so much more flattering than having that part stick out under fitted shirts. i got these in a 4, my usual size, and while they fit a little more snugly than my other size 4 charlie pants, there is enough stretch that they don't look or feel too tight. i also got these in the regular, r
5	I decided to go shopping at my local co store and as soon as i walked in, i saw this skirt but it was used  as a top with green cropped summery pants on a mannequin. one of the lovely salesgirls decided she liked it better that way after she tried it as a top herself.  i tried it as well and love it as a top! she was small framed and my height and told me she sized up for comfort and she was correct. if used with a strapless bra, your regular size ( mine is a small) will be uncomfortable. howeve
5	I got this shirt in black, and it's perfect for the office. i ordered a medium, which i thought was a little on the larger side. well made, the details make it an interesting top.
4	In general, if you were a fan of the turtleneck swing dress, you'll love the overall fit (tts) and fabric of this. the patterns/colors are also great! my issue was the armholes...they are a bit too large and the opening comes a little too far forward which makes it a little unflattering in the underarm area. i may reconsider when it goes on sale, but it's a pass for now.
4	Perfect dress for the hot late summer/early autumn weeks! this beauty is flowy and rich in color. the tie back is adjustable which i love due to my weight fluctuations. because of the tie, length can be adjustable too! i'm short so the decision lies on what shoes i want to wear and how high i want my hem. this dress looks cute belted or with my cropped moto jacket thrown on top. all in all, i really like this dress and i see it staying in my closet for a long while if the horrid viscose construc
5	I am 5'3", 28/38 and got the sp. had no issues whatsoever, and love the colors.
2	I ordered this shirt online and didn't even try it on... it is super see through and i would need to wear a tank underneath and i don't want to have that extra layer in the summer. it is cute though!
5	I bought this in blue/black. it is so pretty. i get so many compliments. i'm a size 4/6 but large busted. i bought this in a medium & it's perfect. just the right amount of fullness. i'm 5'4" so the length for me is perfect w/leggings.
3	I am ever in search of a light, white, summer top. this is not quite it. there are two distinct layers, and each of them is the scratchy, starchy type of gauze. it would just roast me in the summer sun--but i run fairly hot in general.
5	I found this today on the one and only rack. i absolutely fell in love with it. i bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly. other customers were asking where they could find it in the store. i highly recommend. it can be dressed up or down.
5	I'm not much of a chino girl, but these fit like a favorite pair of jeans and with heels still look really polished. love them!
5	Everything about this dress is perfect for my body type.  i used the tie belt as a cinch to gather the fabric and made the silhouette into a loose fit & flare.  i have a large upper body and small lower half so maybe the excess fabric balances out my body but looks terrible on other shapes.  i am 36dd 140# 5'3" and i purchased the medium petite.
5	Look closely and you will be surprised at this awesome print!  the shirt is very soft and comfy.  be warned that it runs huge.  i usually wear a medium or large in this brand.  after many tries, i ended up with a small and it is roomy.  this looks so cute under a jacket too.
3	Just a warning. i am always a 6 or 8 and even the 8 was so tight in the waist i could barely out this on. if you don't have a super tiny upper waist, this won't fit well. too bad, because it's super cute, if a bit sheer.
5	Love the cut of this t-shirt. just loose enough but not big and boxy like so many other tees but not fitted either. nice weight, the hemline is interesting...overall happy with it. just hope it doesn't shrink!
3	I'm not much for ponchos, but this one looked unique. it is thin, kind of a felt material - that was expected - but i was surprised to find it was shorter at waist than how it appears online,, and it was wide horizontally. the colors were more muted and the design was slightly off center unlike pic. the turtleneck was thick and itchy. it was a return.
5	Beautiful dress! beautiful color and design. as the other reviewer says, it has an expose good quality gold color zipper on the back that doesn't show in the picture, however, it adds to its style and beauty! i love the dress and so happy that found it in my size finally!
3	I so badly wanted this top to work. it looks so cute! but, as soon as i tried it on, i knew it wasn't a keeper. i didn't even need a mirror! it's not suited for those of us with a bust (i'm a 34d) and anything but a lanky model-esque frame. i suggest sizing up if you're busty and want to give it a try. it looked dowdy on me.
4	I bought this shift dress for a "black & plaid" nye event, and it fit the bill perfectly for a cold winter's night. looks great with tights and boots, has pockets, and dresses up nicely. i like a good shift at this point in the holiday season -- leaves room for that last bit of seasonal eating and drinking. looking forward to wearing this through the winter months.
5	I love this tee! while it is true to size i feel, it is meant to have a loose fit. that being said, it is a very flattering cut and has a great drape. super comfy, flattering and classic.
5	I love hte green color, it is so vribant. i tried it on in regualr size, thinking i could order petite, but they sold out... waht a bummer. fit is very flattering, and i find it comfortable.
4	I was looking for a dress that had a lot of color. since i usually stick to neutrals, this was out of my comfort zone, but i found this one and loved it. it's comfortable, not clingy, and i can wear a regular bra (bonus!). i wish the waist wasn't dropped, but i think it worked well. i plan on wearing it more in the spring/summer, dressing it up or down will be easy. i'm usually a size 12 and this fit true to size.
5	This is really one of those items that hits it out of the park. first, the fit is great. it's relaxed without being oversized or tapering way out or way in or something odd like that. it's nearly universally flattering to most body types and it's easy to wear with nearly anything. shorts, jeans, trousers, pencil skirts.....it looks great dressed up or down. i also like that the pleats that create the ruffle are sewn nicely (sometimes my recent purchases from retailer have not been the best qua
1	First problem-i would not have ordered this at all had the description been correct. the fabric description is cotton which the dress is most certainly not. secondly, it has a really funky, cheap, unfinished, raw-hemmed slip which is simply not fitting for the dress. the keyhole in the front is super long-again, does not seem to fit the dress. i am not happy with this piece at all but it did fit tts. length is just above knee. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and the six was a good fit. sending this home t
4	This is a nice style and pattern, but it is quite clingy around the hips, so beware if you don't like to reveal too much in that area. i do love the tulip-like hem.
5	I was thinking this would be a straight up terry cloth athleisure top, but the subtle metallic thread woven into the cloud gray fabric elevates the style. really loved the top because of the cut and interesting hemline, but i adore it for the bit of sparkle.
4	I am still in love with my ribboned denim dress from earlier this year. so, when i saw this dress i was super excited and ordered it right away in the same size. it just came and... i'm kinda disappointed. the fit is... shrunken?? kind of like i'm wearing a petite size. it's around 3 to 4 inches shorter, the tie at the waist hits instead right under my bust, and there's some weird bunching happening above my rear?? i kept wanting to pull the whole dress down more, but that's just the way it was
4	Light and distinctive design. the fabric seems somehow synthetic and in very warm weather might become not so fresh
2	This material is a nice quality but the shirt is boxy and shapeless. it was not flattering at all on my shape. i don't think it would look nice on anyone with an hourglass shape or fuller chest.
5	I bought this in the neutral motif and my expectations before trying it on weren't high but i was sold once i was in the dress. sometimes dresses that have the elastic band in the waist can be tricky if you don't have a perfectly flat tummy and can accentuate the tiniest bump. however, this dress sits perfectly on the waist and is actually super slimming. i wasn't 100% sold on the pattern or color (i wish it was more off white than brown) but the fit was so great that i had to buy it! the dress
5	I am 5'3' and 120 lbs for reference, and pear shaped and this dress in a 4 petite fit like a glove. granted, not a dress i would want to gain weight in, but fit perfectly. usually i am a 2 in retailer dresses but read other reviews and definitely made the right choice. it hits at a very flattering length even for someone as short as i am.
5	Love the gorgeous mustard/goldenrod shade but it's unflattering to my skintone (makes my olive-tan look more sallow). all the versions of the tied dresses that holding horses has come out with are fantastic in fit and flattering to the tummy. if you are busty/broad back/wide rib cage--size up. if you have generous hip/bum curves, give both your regular
3	I would have to wear a camisole underneath this, which is odd considering it's still two layered in the front. i wanted an easy white shirt to wear, not something i'd have to layer.
4	I love everything about this skirt, except that it adds bulk to the waist and/or hip area because of lots of fabric and pleating.   i still love it and when i place the waist band higher on my waist looks super cute with a dainty blouse tucked in.   i'm 5'4 105 and have a tiny belly  pooch that comes and goes through out the day so although this skirt is beautiful it tends to magnify the tiniest of belly pooches and hips.  i think i love the skirt too much to retun.
4	The colors and fabric on this dress are really pretty. the lace is a soft blue instead of white. i have other dresses like this from this brand and really wanted to keep it, but it runs larger than the others i have. also, it doesn't have pockets. if it fits you properly, i think you will love it!
5	I tried this on in store in a small and then ordered the medium online i loved it so much! i generally run a small/medium with retailer so i thought this was pretty true to size. i'm also longer through the torso so the medium is better for me to cover my stomach when tied.  it is on the thinner side but not see through. perfect for layering and for a mild california winter. can't wait for it to come!
5	This dress is sure to become one of my favorites! i ordered it online and the colors are even prettier in person; very vivid! it is a little light for the climate where i live right now but, i'm sure that as soon as it gets a little warmer i will be wearing it often. i can't wait!
5	I wore this dress for this first time today, and it is a head-turner. sure to be a new favorite! i received several compliments while out running errands. the dress is flattering to my hourglass shape (i tied it in the back). it is not at all clingy; it flows nicely. the top of the dress is bra-friendly and not too low cut. i am 5'8" and found the length to be just right for me; the medium skims the tops of my feet, and i wore the dress with flat sandals. unlike another reviewer, the dress i rec
5	This is a nice shirt and very flattering. the ivory is actually more of a tan/brown- i would not call it ivory or off white. the material has a nice texture to it as well. it does run big and long so keep that in mind when purchasing.
2	You have to be a contortionist to get this bra on. it slips over your head and i needed my 8yo daughter to help me pull it down past my elbows. ridiculously impractical. why oh why didn't heather give it a hook and loop closure instead?
4	This dress is beautiful on so many levels. the colors and print are amazing and the maxi sweater dress idea is unique. it fits true to size and is very flattering. my only issue is the amount of shine that it has from the metallic threads running through it. i would have preferred less shine which would make the dress more versatile.
4	These shorts are really cute but i felt like they were a little too short for me so i ended up returning them and i purchased the dress by the same brand instead.
3	This top is beautiful in the model shot, but average in person. it ran really small, i usually take a medium in retailer tops and ordered this in a medium. it barely fit over my chest, and was pretty short (i am 5'7"). also, the material is very thin, not so much that you can see your undergarment, but if you get cold everyone will know it. also, for the price, i expected a sturdier fabric. i would recommend holding out for sale, if you are interested in this top.
3	I love the color and style of this sweater and was very eager to wear it, which i've now done on two occasions. but now i'm concerned about the quality and also wondering if there is a long version of this sweater and a shorter version i am 5'6" and thin, but the sweater doesn't hit me mid thigh - only goes to upper thigh and i measured 25" in length on my sweater rather than 30" which seems to indicate a shorter length than on the model i wish it were longer. more a problem is that the fuzzy pa
4	I love the color and the cut! it fits well and i have a large bust. hangs very pretty.
5	I love this sweater. it is so soft and the pink is such a sweet shade. it is large and falls of the shoulder, but that's how it is designed to fit. it is my new favorite sweater!
2	I was very disappointed by the fit of this top. it is quite short (especially in the back) and very wide. i did not find it flattering. on a positive note, the fabric is nice and thick - very warm layering piece for fall. for sizing reference, i'm 5'5'', 122 lbs, and took my usual size xs.
5	Kind of silky, but to a point where they almost look like pj pants. i am not sure if i will keep, but overall nice feel. i tried on a xxs p as it was a return, xs sold out, so went with it, stretchy enough to fit me... (115 lbs)
5	Love this dress so much, i bought the checkered, and then had to go back for the black! it is so worth the price. i wear it with sandals in the warm weather, and a blazer with boots in the cooler weather. it is beautiful and so flattering.
5	I'm 5'7", 120 lbs, size 0 was best.  ordered the green color.  great flattering fit!
4	I really wanted to love this top! it's cute and fitted- fits well, but just hit me a tad higher than i wanted. i tried a size 2 and it fit perfectly--but with no extra room. i'm 5'5"-34c. normally wear a 2.
4	This is a cute, fun addition to my wardrobe, especially since i am a polka dot fan! it is alittle short for me and i think it runs just a bit small, particularly if you want to wear like the model with longer shirt under it. overall, it was worth the sale price and will look good with casual pants, jeans and with dressier black pants for work.
4	I'll start this by saying i usually wear a m or l depending on the shirt. i'm 20 weeks pregnant and ordered a medium. it's huge! i was thinking i would be able to wear this for a bit while preggo and then would be able to wear it after baby with no problem. i'm going to order a small because the fabric is so soft and i love the design and color.
4	I really love this dress. it runs very true to size and is nice and long, but could be easily hemmed. i am 5'10' and have room for heels. the waist runs just slightly high and causes a slight flare out of the fabric at the hips but it is not a deal breaker. the cotton is super light weight and perfect for summer. some jersey fabric maxi 's can be super hot. i was surprised by the cost for the actual quality of the dress.
5	This has a classic tunic style silhouette with delicate gold threads. it looks even better in person than online.
5	This shirt is easy, breezy, comfy, and stylish - everything i want as a busy mom. all the patterns are beautiful it i went with the blue motif as well as the floral print because they felt fun and easy to wear with jeans or white pants. this definitely fit a full size large for me. i tried my usual s plus xs thinking the shoulders might be too tight, but the xs was perfect. happy to have this beauty in the rotation!
5	I love this shirt and although it is see through a tank works great under it to wear to work. the buttons on the back are sewn on really well and it comes down far enough/ is not too short. i am about 5'4" and 100 pounds. the 00 was tight on my neck so i kept a 0. otherwise the 00 would have fit fine since its a blousy shirt and would not have been too tight in the shoulders or armpits.
5	I've never owned a romper before but after trying it on at the store, i fell in love! i'm pear-shaped 5"4 at 185#. i got a med and it fits beautifully with just enough room to not be baggy. i got the red mitif. super flattering.
4	I ordered the 25 (my usual is 25p lately, maybe vanity sizing, used ot be 26p), anyway, could not pull all the wayup or tie... otherwise, good cut and nice coloring. if you have non0muscular legs and bottoms, thee would be great. going back (i am 115lbs)
5	I absolutely love this top. it has a very classy look and can be used casual or dressy. i get lots of compliments.
3	The shirt was cute. i'm very petite and it ran very wide so didn't fit me well.
5	I love this top, it's long enough to to wear with leggings and the ribbon in the back really dresses it up. the only negative is that the material pulls easy and only on the space dye color, not the solids but i still love it! for reference i ordered xs and it fits perfectly i am 5'2 125lbs
1	I so wanted this skirt to work, love the design! but, it's way, way too long... i am 5, 5, 116lb, and the small is 1 inch on the floor. i step on the skirt as i walk.
4	....but not for me. i usually try to buy petite sizes since i am only 5ft 0in, but this was just too pretty to pass up so i took a chance and ordered a regular size xs. right out of the bag, i was impressed with the colors and fabric of this romper. however, i did not notice that the entire back was open until i put it on. from the pictures, it looks like there is a small opening, but when i put it on i was exposed all the way down to my lower back. this may not be the same for a taller person s
5	This jacket is well-made and smart looking. it gave me just the boost i needed today at a difficult meeting. thank you retailer!
5	I bought this dress for my bridal shower and it is perfect. the pattern is beautiful and very similar to the image shown online. the fabric is much lighter than i anticipated which is nice for spring/summer weather. i had to get the top altered slightly to better fit on top but it was a very easy alteration. i am normally a size 8 in dresses and found this to fit very true to size.
5	This skirt is stunning but i really wish it was cotton canvas - maybe by summer retailer could make one?
4	Size down on this top. bought it online and when i took out of the packagei quickly put it back in. you could have put 4 of me in the xs. i think even an xxs would be huge. extremely boxy!! i recommend it only if you can find the correct size.
1	I rarely write a really negative review and retailer is my favorite store ever. but this dress is awful. i ordered the black and white. the fabric is very poor quality. the colors are washed out. i almost didn't try it on, but i did and found that, for me, the fit was terrible (though some of the reviewer pictures are cute).
5	This sweater just grows on me every time i put it on. it is so comfortable, flattering and literally the perfect winter sweater. the length is long but so comfortable with leggings or skinny jeans. absolutely love it. i have the cream color one and i have to wear a tank under but the material and look is perfect.
5	I had eyed this simple yet stylish dress for awhile but hadn't tried it on yet. i managed to snag the orange version during the tag sale - $40 for maeve?? it is super flattering and will be a wardrobe staple for years.
4	I hesitated initially buying this because of the unique fit in the neckline and shoulders and because i have broad shoulders. but if you adjust the neck, sleeves and play with the overall fit of the shirt, it works. the boxy airy design has to be paired with something that flows with it (i.e. linen pants) or trusty denim. otherwise you may have a battle on your hands finding a complementary pairing!
5	What a great, soft piece for fall.  the top is flattering and comfy at the same time. it looks really romantic with the bare shoulder look.
4	I like that the top is lightweight and very comfortable and is flattering. i can see wearing this over the holidays for entertaining. it looks festive and pretty - something easy to pop on and look pulled together in a flash.
3	This would be perfect if only it were lined!!!! i have a high waist and hourglass shape so jumpers are very hard to find that fit my body type. this is a perfect fit for my body shape and when on, it looks like a lovely dress. however, it is not lined and the material is very light and ivory so you see everything. you can't wear a slip so that leaves the option of some sort of bodysuit if you don't want to show the world what you have. i am very tired of all of the light colored clothing not bei
5	Love this top! i have it in the green and i am tempted to go and buy it in the other colors! it is a simple, but cute top that is easy and comfortable to wear. a little dressier than a plain tee.
4	This shirt is super comfortable and super chic. it looks great and feels great.
5	Love the fit - doesn't cling to my midsection and detail on sleeves is very pretty. fits true to size. i got the black but want to order it in other colors as well. can be dressed up or down.
4	The front and back materials differ. the back of the shirt is soft and thin. the front embroidery is stiff but i imagine it will soften after a wash. pretty shirt though.
4	This was a sleeper hit for me! it was on sale for a great price so i thought...what the heck! interesting diagonals in how the skirt is pieced together and i totally felt like a sexy mermaid! the only downside was that it was so long! i'm 5/2" and expect things like this to be long but wow. luckily it was easy to shorten without loosing the cute flare at the bottom. i'm 135lbs and the medium fit snug but not trampy. i could have probably worn a large too but i don't plan on tucking my shirt into
3	I loved this sweater when i bought it. wore it a couple times then washed it according to the tag. it shrunk at least two sizes! and the tassels got all tangled (which i guess i should have seen coming). pretty bummed about it because this sweater looked beautiful on.
5	So gorgeous! the details make this tank so special! the subtle sequin around the neckline are just enough to make this a dress-up or dress-down top. perfect with skinny jeans for an evening date night or a black cardigan for the office. the fabric is soft -- almost like a very light weight knit sweater, but so light that you can wear it for summer.
4	I had been eyeballing this for a very long time because i loved the look of the skirt and this top (of which i snagged the skirt when it went on sale). i was delighted to finally take a chance and buy this when it went on sale, too. thoughts below: ______ pros: - it is well made and on the thicker side. - for a peplum, it is actually slimming. i am an hourglass and with hips, which usually means such tops flare out so much making me look wider in all the wrong places. so i was skeptical abo
3	I'm 5'5" and i think fairly proportioned (120 lbs, 34b) and the peplum hit well above my waist. since having kids i'm a little obsessive about avoiding any shirt that could double as maternity... and this struck me as one. it's a cute too, but once it's on i don't feel it's very flattering.
5	This is simply the most lovely, interesting, flattering sweater ever. i got the green which is a lovely minty color. couldn't be happier!
5	I love this top! the arms fit slender but the rest of the top is a nice loose fit. i love the navy blue one with the print, i normally don&#39;t like long tunics but it&#39;s so flattering even for my short frame! i&#39;m usually a medium on top and bought the medium which was perfect.
5	Love this tank. it has an easy fit that hides my post baby belly with out looking to wide.
5	One of the most beautiful sweaters i've ever seen. i love it!
5	This color is really cool because it can go with black, grey, or tan shoes. the back pleats are unique and do not add bulk. the back is also lined, so you don't need a tank. fits tts and i thought it was fairly flattering. on sale, this is a great deal.
5	This dress was a gamble for a nautical them wedding next year. could not be happier. fabric was surprisingly stretchy which made it move like butter. the dress was stunning on and very comfortable which cannot be said for many gowns. i am so glad i took the gamble.
4	I agree with other reviews, soft, cozy and love the embroidery and beading. it is a bit wrinkly even after i ironed it but overall happy with this blouse.
4	This skirt didn't fit me right--i'm 5'6" and the hem hit too low, making for a frumpy rather than classic look. the fabric and color are lovely, however, and on a taller person this could be beautiful. the draping is beautiful and slimming.
4	This top is really pretty. it's a very strong embroidered lace all over (front and back) with small holes. but, the description states there is a polyester lining, and this is unlined! so,there are holes. but, i do not think this is immodest and needs a cami. just wear a nude bra under it. the holes are not revealing at all. the sizing is tts, and is as shown in the photo. i bought an xl because if a top isn't stretchy i need to wear a 16 or 18. this fits me, only it's not as loose in the bac
5	Perfect fall accessory and transitional piece for cooler days. classic red and black check with a fashion flair. great with jeans or dress it up with jewelry. a great find!
5	I loved this dress the second i saw it in the catalog and had to have it! i had been looking for a plaid dress for awhile but couldn't find anything that i fell in love with till this one. i love the front of the dress and the asymmetrical details. it's just beautiful. my only complaint would be that the back of the dress is pretty blah. after all the awesome going on in front, i was disappointed in the view from behind, but i still love this dress and will be keeping it and wearing it for a lon
4	Love the tee in the red. it's not too sheer and the metal detail on the shoulders turns it from a simple tee to a tee with a little more pizazz. fits true to size. i take either a medium or large in retailer and this in a size large fits well. it is a bit boxy, but not sloppy. on sale it's a great deal.
4	So, i bought these in 31 --my regular size in hei-hei and they were huge. so, now i am not sure if i should go for a 30 or 29? i guess i will try the 30. they are really soft and very cute pants. just the sizing is difficult.
3	I tried this top in xs in store.  i loved the macrame  detail and quality of fabric.  it billowed out too much below the chest and looked tent like.  my daughter laughed when she saw me in it- so did i!  i didn't buy it.  i'm 5'2", 115#.
1	I followed the other reviews and sized down. normally, i'm a small/medium in retailer (5'8"/135 for clarification) and i expected the garment to be a bit roomy. i ordered the small and when it arrived i almost called the corporate office to ensure i didn't have to pay rent on the romper, given that you could comfortably fit a small family of five in it. oddly, the arm-holes were normal sized? i returned this mess.
5	Received this top as a gift from a friend with great taste. found fabric to have high quality feel and texture and it fit quite well. love how the flutter layer creates a different look.
5	Adorable skirt! thought it would be snug so ordered up, but had to send back and re-order in normal size. fits perfect. found it to be slimming on the backside, yay! :) this will be a wardrobe staple for many years to come!
4	I was going to re-turn this.top  i was really on the fence.  so glad i didn't, it is.comfortable and easy to wear. lace is a little restrictive, but willing  to over look  it because i look so cute
5	I completely agree with the other reviewers this top is easy to throw on with jeans or trousers and so comfy! i'm 5'3 with a 34ddd chest and i ordered in my normal medium which looks fantastic. and if i wanted to i think i could have sized down for a more form flattering look but i love the ease of this top.
5	I purchased this dress while vacationing in florida and cannot wait for the midwest weather to warm up so i can wear it. i am tall (5'8") and love how this dress fits me. i found the slip to work well with the dress and that it was not too sheer. the length was perfect, not too short in the front and just enough drape in the back. i love that the slip is attached so it lines up perfectly.
5	Yes, this is a great dress! i wasn't sure about it online because of the color combination. i think i would have preferred the gray color but it was sold out. it received very good reviews online so i thought it was worth the risk at the sale price. i am always on the hunt for great dresses at great prices (who isn't?!). once i received it and tried it on, oh wow! i love it. it is so flattering. it is a very pretty dress. i think i will wear this all the time. i am actually thinking of all the d
3	Color is beautiful but looks like a maternity top on. i found i could tuck it in slacks and it looked fine. now for the cons:  it is supposed to be peacock design but i had only one peacock,under my arm, which could be seen, i guess, if i waved. the rest were parts of the bird. i would love to have the one in the photos!  next, who thought cheap white buttons on the back was a good idea?  if i had gotten a nice patterned top, i would have replaced the buttons. blouses that i like never seem to b
2	This didn't work for me. it looks better unzipped. the piece made me look extremely top heavy, and i am by no means overweight, but i do have a larger chest on a small frame (36c, 5 feet, 115). honestly, it just made me look fat. the design is cute, but this is going back..
5	Although seemingly simple, this hooded sweater top is actually versatile. wear with jeans or leggings, even a skirt. wear over a cami, tank or even sleeved top. i do like the delicate nature of this piece and it does appear to be made well enough to be durable. would recommend.
5	Gorgeous top, very nice. detail work, soft and flattering. i don't think its too full on the bottom at all - mine has a loose but pretty straight silhouette. word of warning: soft pink is not pink it is peach with some pink - and definitely not my color. if peach isn't flattering on you, heed this and other reviewers comments they are weighing correctly! i will have to either return for the white or dye the fabric myself to a more flattering shade, bummer that i thought the other reviewers might
5	I purchased this dress for a summer celebration. i am petite, but ordered the dress in a misses size (one size smaller) because i wanted it to hit right at the knee, rather than the shorter above-the-knee length pictured. i loved all about the dress - the fact that the colors are more vibrant than in the picture and that is has a beige slip.. i dressed it up with gold chandelier earrings and nude sandals and got compliments form almost everyone. i am planning to dress it down with espadrilles.
5	Love the print so much!! it is a bit boxy, but for the length i needed to size up to a s from my usual xs with my long torso at 5'7", 111lbs. i'm thinking that sizing up will also save me from any potential dryer accidents. but it doesn't really matter what size you get-just get it for the cute print scene!!
5	This dress is the perfect length and so comfortable! it's conservative enough to wear to work as a teacher but also so cute! i'm 5'6" and the large hits right above my ankle. medium fit as well but i wanted a little extra room in the torso.
4	This is an adorable top, but it just wasn't my style. i'm 40 and felt silly wearing a big bow, but if you can rock this look i'd recommend it. the top is a thin sweatshirt material, not a knit sweater or a thick sweatshirt fabric. it is a cotton rayon blend. the sweatshirt part is cropped, but the striped shirt details come to a good length. the shirt trim is 100% cotton. the fit was true to size. it is a bit loose, not overly fitted, but true to size. it nips in a bit at the waist and then flar
4	I didn't think from the photo online that the sweater would be quite so sparkly & gold! it has gold weaved in - so if the sparkly isn't your thing, beware. the sweater fit well although i didn't feel the neckline was quite as clean as in the photo above. also, you'd have to be careful not to snag on jewelry. it's a thin sweater material that may require a camisole underneath depending on the weather.
5	This very lightweight and semi-sheer dress fits like a midi dress on my height. the back hem ends low calf and the front hem is below knee. straps are adjustable and bodice edge is elasticized. the print is pretty and can pair with any sweater or jacket or jewelry or shoes that hits your fancy. my concern is regarding the 100% rayon fabric and how it will hold up after cleaning as all of my 100% rayon clothing from *random fast fashion retailer* does not last long. i'm 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 and hap
5	I'm pear-shaped so my inclination is to always grab an a-line/fit-n-flare style dress or skirt. but for some reason this stood out to me and i'm glad i tried it on. i love this dress! i'm 5'9 with a longer torso and this still went down to my knees so it definitely works for taller girls. the cut is so flattering and, along with the thicker material, it gives me more of an hourglass shape that enhances my curves instead of making me want to camouflage them. i got my dress in a size 6 and it's tt
5	Wore with leggings & ballet flats ??compliments!
5	I ordered both colors and my usual size (in eptites) and one size smaller... definitely true to size as in not smaller size. i am 5'1.5" and the best size was xs petite. i ordered both colors and msut say they are both gorgeous, so can't go wrng there, as long as it goes with your skin tone, for me the red was better, but i did love hte neutral color as well. comes with a lining #bude color#. wasit is elasticized, and comfortable, love the sleeves, this is light enough for spring and
5	Love this skirt, i ordered a small, i'm 5'1, about 120, still losing some baby weight, so the elastic band is really nice because it will still fit once i get down to 110. really love the cut, it falls just above my knees in the front, longer in back. i wore it to church with a cream top with victorian lace around neck, tucked in, and added a belt for a nicer finish, although the band looks good without the belt too. i got tons of compliments from everyone. definitely a score. (p.s. shoes are fr
5	I'm so glad i trusted my instincts and decided not to size down on this luxurious dress since my body type is so different from the previous reviewers.  size small would have surely cut off my circulation around my shoulders.  i bought mp since i have thick arms/shoulders/back and i'm short 135# 38-27-35.   my only gripe is how skinny and insubstantial the straps are so maybe i'll get those changed.  i'm tempted to buy the other color since this dress is so beautiful but i really don't nred it!
5	I received this dress in both colors (oatmeal and blue) for christmas, and i love them! they are super comfortable and great with leggings. i can wear them just to lounge around the house or dress them up a bit for church. i am 5'10 and 140 lbs and i got the small. it fits true to size. i would definitely recommend!
3	I purchased these on sale and am only keeping them because they were such a low price. i ordered the 2 petite, but they do not actually seem to be made for a petite person. they are still very long (to my ankles) and the legs are very wide. the waist fits fine though.
5	The first thing i noticed upon receiving this dress is how soft it is and the fact that it wasn't wrinkled coming out of the packaging bag- an excellent quality! my next surprise was to find that it is fully lined with a very nice soft knit and felt awesome on. i ordered a size small and it fit perfectly- it was fitted through my waist and hips (37 chest, 28.5 waist, 37 hips) and dropped straight from my hips just like i like. i was afraid it would be too sheath like for my figure but it is perf
5	This top is soft feeling and i appreciate that it's lined. it's light weight and feminine, but no camisole is needed. when you take it off the shoulder area feels tight, so you need to be a little gentle but it's gorgeous and you should get it. i'm a 32c and i got a 2.
3	I really loved this dress. it ran small but it was also shorter than i imagined which was only worsened because i'm curvier on top. would be great for slender figures.
5	I love the color and shimmer of this dress. it is very unique and one of a kind. the slit is not as high as the photo online but that can be adjusted if need be at a tailor. it's a great dress!
3	I liked the color of this top but i didn't really like the ruffled stitching around the middle. it looks like someone just tacked on the bottom half. i bought this for my daughter and she likes it. i think it is comfortable and a good top to knock around in.
5	5ft 6inches 135lbs short waisted, small bust (30dd) the color is more watermelon pink than that slightly orangey tone that's shown on the website. i  ordered a six petite because i wanted it to be kneelength. the four petite also fit, but was a little constricted in the bust. the dress is weightless--100% silk! i agree with the other reviewer about the bust of this dress --it's probably not great for large chests because of the ruffles
4	This skirt is really beautiful but i agree with the other reviewers; it runs very small. i'm typically an 8 or 10. if i get a 10, there is usually a bit of room in the item. i decided to get a 10 in this skirt, just in case. i got it zipped but would have trouble breathing as the evening wore on. the pockets are wonderful and the fabric is weighty and really lovely.
5	This dress fits perfect! the material is so soft and hangs so flattering. long enough to cover the booty, but short enough to show off my legs. and the color is beautiful (i got the wine color).
4	This dress is quite lovely, but there are a few things to know: the blue color is much more of a dark teal, with more of a dull green tinge than i expected. still pretty, but definitely not a pure blue. i loved the look of the blue online, but i think the pink might have worked a little better with my coloring. the dress is a bit low in front. not inappropriately low, but if you are hoping to be able to "adjust" by pulling the shoulders back a bit or something, be aware that the bodice drapi
2	But, it just doesn't measure up. first, the slip/lining comes unattached if pulled slightly and it is very difficult to actually get it on - either stepping into it or pulling it over your head. and, once on, the top was a big snug and there was too much material at the bottom which made it look really bulky. unfortunately, i am finding this to be the case with so many of the items i buy from retailer lately. the material is really cute, but the dress isn't worth the price / effort.
5	Love this top! the material is very comfortable and it's loose fitting which is what i was looking for!
5	I got to try this on today and i really like it. the fabric is a normal t-shirt kind of fabric (i was hoping it would have been kind of special) and the v-neck in the front does go down a ways so that some cleavage is showing. i would feel comfortable wearing it as-is outside of work, but would have to pair it with a cami if i would going to wear it to work. normally, i am not a huge fan of v-neck in the back and it drives me crazy thanks cami's these days are often made with a "versatile" v and
5	Ordered this on a whim while taking advantage of a promotion, and now need one in every color! the weight and cut is perfect for fall/winter/summer - not too heavy, but not sheer/tissue thin; fitted enough to look super cute with leggings or skinny jeans. fabric has a nice quality feel to it - i have similar shirts from the past that have held up well in the wash. i'm anticipating the same with this.
3	I am 5'8" and 130 lbs and bought a size s. it fits, but is not as roomy as it appears in the model and the sleeves are not as long. the collar fits strangely on me. the deal breaker was that the sweater is not soft, but is itchy and kind of coarse. i am returning this one.
5	This top is just lovely. the bow on the back is so unusual. i am so glad i bought it!!! i washed it on gentle and it turned out great!!!
5	It's a casual dress with a luxurious feel. very flowy, but the back panel gives it a bit more structure. i like that it graces my body without showing any lumps. i will very much appreciate it on hot days! i'm anticipating a big of headache when ironing it, but i appreciate that it's not dry clean only. i'm on the shorter side of average height and it hits me mid-thigh.
4	I have three pairs of these, so i must like them. the fabric is soft and comfy right from the start. i think they might run just a bit large or small depending on the color you get. i tried on a pair of pink ones in a 29 in the store. i wanted the moss color, so i had to order that and decided to order my usual size (30). they fit pretty much like the 29's in the pink. but this fabric stretches, so i'm happy with them. they're not too "boyfriend-y"", so not sloppy, and you could dress them up wi
4	Fits pretty true to size, thick material, sits nicely.
5	Love the short in the front, long in the back look. it has an almost glittery look. really roomy, i would size down. really comfy and pretty!
5	I love this top. it looks exactly like the picture except the sleeves are not full length; they are closer to 3/4 length. the color is vibrant and the material is light and comfortable.
5	I fell in love the first time i saw it. the xs is the perfect fit. i generally wear xs/s or 2 in dresses. its not too snug to wear over a thin to medium thickness sweater. its a good length also, not too long, which i struggle with given my height of 5'3. the s was overall too big. its not itchy, though i've only worn it with long sleeve tops. its just the right weight. not too thin and not too heavy. its feminine and fun. wonderful topper for jeans, pants, or a dress. the color is versatile. sl
5	I really love these pants as "loungers". not sure i would wear them outside the house, because the legs are very wide.. yes, the elastic has the problem that others have mentioned, but i just hold it in place when i pull them on and it stays put. but the fabric is so soft that i put them on every night after work and sometimes don't take them off before bed. pockets are a nice touch - something i have come to love about retailer pants.
3	I purchased the stripped blouse and it was very large around the armhole. it bulged open as if it needed a dart. i even washed it to see if it would shrink to fit and it was better but not good enough. i hate my bra showing through the armhole. it's going back. cute blouse except for that. i love sleeveless blouses with turtlenecks.
5	This is one of my favorite tops! it is comfortable and an easy "throw and go" top. i am a big fan of denim tops and the lace on the back gives it that extra detail and flare. very pleased :)
5	Fit true to size and very well. hit the leg at a good length. i'm 5'5. they were perfect.
4	I bought this dress in gray in a size 4. i am usually a size 6, even an 8 in maeve, so i said this dress runs a tad large. it is soft and easy to wear--throw it on and go. i think it looks best with a belt but that's my opinion. i am 5' 8.5" tall, and this is a midi length on me. plenty long. not sure how it will wash. i think a fabric steamer will be needed. all in all, very pleased.
5	This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model.
5	I'm 6 ft tall and usually wear a size 10/12, but had to size up to a 14 because this dress runs a bit small around the waist. it's a beautiful dress. it hit me right below the knee, so might be long on shorter gals. i received many compliments on this dress. the colors are beautiful. the main color of the dress is a dark navy. it looked black online. definitely buy this dress! it's a great work dress and you won't be sorry that you did.
5	Once or twice a year, retailer dons out a true 80s masterpiece!  the sweater is sturdy, bright and bold. quality and craftsmanship are amazing and the fit is tts!  i cannot wait for the cooler weather to wear this beauty with some skinny jeans!!
5	Purchased these jeans in a 27 and i am usually a 28 in skinny jeans. i got the 26's on but they were snug. these jeans are so comfy and sit higher on the waist. great jeans!
5	Based on the two reviews on this skirt and, for the sale price i purchased the small--i 'm usually a large/extra large. i carry my weight in the middle, and this skirt stills works. very sofisticated striping, slimming! i haven't experienced any slipping, but i haven't worn it for any great length of time yet. there are numerous ways to create chic looks.
1	Comments. the detail is lovely - especially the dragonflies on the sleeve. and the quality is there with the lining. trouble is this is thick fabric cut in a box shape. imo, you have to be very skinny to pull this off and not look like a tank. i looked at the model (after purchasing) and notice that she has it open and swept back a bit bc if it is not, it is terribly unflattering.
5	I love this top. the seam does go across the bustling but if you are small chested like me...it is perfect. very bohemian and an almost classic look with a very contemporary twist. there are splits up the side that show off a great pair of leggings. i wore this today with some lysee black and grey patterned leggings, a long grey camisole, and some cute short free people booties...i may have gotten 20 compliments. love it.
5	These are my favorite flare jeans! they have that lovely 70's style and go with everything and look great all year round. the fit is perfect. my all time favorite jeans.
1	While i love the fabric and the pattern, this skirt leaves too much to be desired. the full price is absurd considering what you get. there is no mention online that there is no built in slip, and as the material is extremely thin a slip is an absolute must. (see attached photo.) even in dim lighting you can see straight through. also for this price point it is strange that the skirt is 'pull-on styling.' i would say that it is true to size, and i am usually a medium @ retailer, but i have a sm
5	The images definitely do not do the jacket justice. the detail is beautiful, and the fabric is unexpected and quite luxurious.
5	I've admired the various iterations of this dress and finally found one in the sale room, much to my delight! i'm generally a sale shopper, so this doesn't mean i didn't think it was priced well. i have the oatmeal top with yellow/gold/orange pattern on the skirt in xs. the small fits comfortably up top, but on my petite frame, the top just looked too big, so i went with xs. i suppose the straps are a bit confusing, but their easy to figure out if you just look at them for a moment before puttin
4	I bought these assuming they would be the same as a pair of pilcro stet ankle jeans i bought a couple of years ago. this pair has less stretch than my older ones, so they are a bit tighter. i'm 5'2" and these are more like a perfect length regular jean (rather than ankle). i always have trouble finding jeans that fit my curves, but smaller waist. these are a bit big in the waist, with the butt and legs fitted. all-in-all they are a nice looking durable denim that flatters.
5	This vest is perfect! i live in florida aka where it is hot almost every day of the year. it makes a great layer piece, but isn't too warm!
4	This blouse is very cute and will be great for summer casual wear! so cute in this print - it looks great with colored crop pants! it is a bit tough to get the right fit in this top, depending on your preference. i usually wear a size 2-4 in tops (26" waist, 34b/c), but went with a 0 in this because it just felt wide otherwise. also, i am fine with it, but this blouse seems to be somewhat short in the torso. if you are particular, possibly buy in store because the pattern of bees varies quite
5	This is stunning. even more stunning in person. the crochet is divine. every inch of it is beautifully detailed. it's got a bit of weight to it and the crochet is very high quality. i am normally a l or xl, and i have curves. this is why this unfortunately did not work for me. it fits more like a shift with a little more aline room. on the right shape, it will be perfect. if you're curvy, size up. if you're lean or narrow, you might want to size down. the length is heavenly for tall gals, but wi
4	I fell in love with this dress when i saw it. i am usually a petite, so i knew it would hit me just above the ankle, but it works! what is lacking from the description is the under slip that comes with the dress. it is a knee length, cotton jersey slip that is bulky and uncomfortable - thus the 4 star rating instead of 5 star. i won't use the slip, so this makes the dress fairly sheer when backlit. otherwise, the dress is well made and the addition of the piping at the seams makes it special. i
5	This color came out after i had purchased the same in the gray motif. when i saw this one, though, i simply had to have it! it is such a happy print and different color scheme from anything else in my closet. i had purchased the gray one in regular only because the petites were all sold out, but i was able to get this one in my usual small petite size. it is most definitely a better fit/length for me. i don't usually like to pay so much for a t-shirt, but i will splurge for something like this t
5	Nice feminine pattern with a thick fabric. it's great having pockets! the white is ivory. i'm a size 4, and the small fits nicely. it would be nice, if the pant length was a little longer. i have a 31" inseam, and they end up being a couple of inches above my ankle, but that's just my preference. overall, very happy with this purchase.
4	I just received this in the mail today! fabric and construction are beautiful and high quality. my only concern was that it ran short on me all around. i am 5'2, 100lbs, 32b, 24 waist, 33 hips. the dress was an appropriate length all around but ran very short in the arm holes, the back cut-out, and the waist. i felt like i was trying to wear a little-girl's dress (and i tend to be short waisted and long-legged as is). i may exchange it for a regular size because it is such a beautiful dress!
2	After reading the glowing reviews i was excited to buy this on sale. i'm tall and lean, but found the dress looked slightly awkward and off on me compared to the model pictures. firstly, the top has a strange transition to the skirt, with extra fabric you have to either blouse over the skirt or bunch together. if you blouse it and lay flat, it invariably gets bunched as you wear it. this bunching changes the aesthetics of the color blocks, creating less clean lines. i also found the blue, black
5	I love this dress! i'm 5'5", and it's just long enough to be dramatic and graze my feet without dragging on the ground with flat sandals. the print is lovely and the beading is subtle. as some have mentioned, the neck is high. it's definitely noticeable, but i didn't find it uncomfortable.
4	I usually wear a small or medium depending on the cut, but this one only worked in a large. with or without a bra, it was not too low and covers all the middle area flaws beautifully. bust size average and i have muscular (not sticks) arms and a fairly wide back. nice and drapey, pretty green color. great sale price.
3	These pants are adorable as pajamas or maybe something very casual to wear to the beach, but they honestly do not seem like something that a grown woman would wear in public. they are good quality and fit nicely, but i feel like if you're over 20, they're not really flattering or especially appropriate.
5	I was obsessed with this dress/jumpsuit after i read all the great reviews, even tho i had never seen it in person. it was already on sale and sold out online, so i called a bunch of stores and finally was able to track one down in the navy colorway in my size (it's tts). so glad i made the effort! it's as great as everyone says it is. i love how it's "party in the back." i'm 5'3" so it was pretty much floor length on me.
5	This tee shirt is just adorable. i found it at a local retailer and decided to try it on - and just loved it! i happened to walk out of my dressing room while wearing it, to talk to my daughter who was shopping with me and three customers in the hall said" that is so cute!" and went to find their own. i bought the ivory color, but the other colors are really nice as well. the fabric is substantial, soft and thick. the little ruffle at the shoulder makes a cute statement, but is just fun and not
5	I saw these on the freshly cut + promo discount & decided to order my usual size 28 reg in pilcro. a great fit & appreciate the midrise. not too snug or baggy. look pretty much on me as in the model pic except they fall abt 1" below my ankles. i am only 5'3" so not a surprise they are a little longer on me but it's really ok. fyi - the front button & back pocket tacks are gold which gives a classy look to these jeans. just love.. & love the price too! 5'3", 117#
5	Love the look of these- casual or dressy depending on what you pair with them. they are so comfortable! edgy but relaxed - joggers with a leather look- what more could you ask for?
4	The colors and textures on this top are fun. however, the boxy shape isn't very flattering and poofs out a bit around the belly. maybe it would look a bit more feminine on someone with a curvier chest. i would size up if between sizes because the top part around the arms is not very roomy. i tried it on at the store but decided to pass because the xs was a little tight around the arms but the s billowed around the belly too much. still a cute piece if it works for you fit-wise.
5	I lost my favorite denim jacket on a trip a few years ago and haven't found one i really liked again...until now. great quality - just heavy enough but not too heavy, just stretchy enough but not too stretchy, great color/design. no complaints. i read the other reviews and was happy to have ordered one size larger than my normal. i typically take a small but the medium in this is perfect. it is possible i actually like this jacket better than the one i lost several years ago, which is a big endo
3	This shirt arrived today, and i was surprised how short it is. not a tunic at all. i wonder if the lengths on these vary, and if i order it again, it would be a different length. i ordered my normal size, xs petite. i'm 5-2", so this should have been a tunic on me. perhaps if i see this shirt in the store, i'll try on the regular length. i'm returning the petite!
5	Very pretty. love the design both front and back
2	First let me say i love the fabric and the pattern of the blue dress. but the fit is extremely loose. they could take out an entire 12 inches of material and it would still be a swing dress. the photo of the back of the model, where the blue dress goes in to her waist is not at all accurate. if it was, i would love this dress. the photo of the model wearing the other color is how the dress actually hangs - straight down from the underarms and then bigger as it goes toward the hemline. i am 5'7"
3	I bought this sweater online as soon as i saw it. but like the other reviewers i agree it is shapeless and sticks out too much at and below the waist. if it were a softer fabric maybe the flair would work but not for this one. i am 5' 2", 115lbs, 32d and got the xs. maybe if you aren't chesty it won't flare out as much. sadly i had to return it. i was so excited for it, o well.
4	This jacket is really pretty and unique. unfortunately the material around the waist area does not lay flat like it does in the picture. i'm 5 ft 6 in and a size 6. i ordered the medium. it fit well but the material around the waist area jutted out making me look really wide. disappointed to have to return this.
5	Saw the grey one on the table at my local retailer. first thing i did was touch it to feel if it's soft and it felt like butta. surprisingly, it's a very snuggly and warm sweater despite it not being very thick. i think the grey is conservative enough for the office and it goes with pretty much everything, yet the geometric shapes make it modern and interesting looking. i hate turtleneck (choke!) and big cowl neck (reminds me of the 80's), but this is a compromise of both which is a bonus. since i
5	When i ordered this little jacket i knew i would like it, upon arrival i fell in love. it is a little edgy with leather detailing and with stretch in all the right places, the crop is super flattering. appeared online to be a bit more of a sweatshirt material but it has so much structure and holds its shape!
4	Ordered the "white" tee, but when it arrived today, i was surprised by how cream it looked.the cut is nice and as other reviewers mentioned, it is on the sheer side. still on the fence of whether or not i'll keep it.
5	I love this shirt. i actually bought two in black (my "uniform"), then decided to order one in white as well. however, the white shirt fit differently than the two black ones! it was significantly shorter; over 2' shorter! while the black tee is the perfect length, the shorter white version wasn't flattering on me and kind of flared out around my waist...not the best look. that being said, i know the black shirt will be in heavy rotation for a while, and the people at retailer were very und
4	This dress is stunning. i loved the cut and seam detailing. it is very flattering...if it fits. i have a curvy athletic build and usually wear a size 10/12. i am also smaller busted and this dress was too tight around my ribs, back and tummy. i bought the large and it doesn't' come in a bigger size :( it is very well made and completely lines. i highly recommend this dress but again only it if fits you.
3	I wanted to love these great spring/summer pants, but sadly, they are just too unflattering for ladies with hips. if you have a ruler build, these pants will be fantastic, but these pants are not forgiving in the hip and thigh area for those of you blessed with a curvier build. i was really hoping for pants that had this clean, vintage inspired, audrey hepburn look re-imagined for the every-girl, because nothing is more flattering to an hourglass body than clean, non-bulky lines (something like
5	I am so happy with this dress. i bought my usual size 2, and it was a perfect fit. this dress is gorgeous. it has some stretch, which is a plus. i am 5'5 ", and it was not too long on me at all. i am so thrilled with my purchase.
1	It's such a pretty top but i felt that it looked maternity-ish so i returned it.
5	I am 5' 4" and 128 lbs and could have worn the 4 or 6 but took the 6. it does run short and the length in the 6 was better than the 4 with arm hole size being the same. the bees are embroidered making the fabric high quality and normally i would run from a print like this but not this one. it has great style!
5	These jeans are one of my all time favorite ag jeans. comfortable denim, dark rinse. wide cuffs are fashionable but still classy. wear them all the time!
5	This jacket is perfect! the crop length is just right! not to short and the way it is cut longer in the back it really paints a beautiful silhouette on my larger frame. i'm a a 12 typically but broad in the shoulders and larger in the bust 36dd. this jacket is loose fitting and roomy. i could probably have gone with a large, but i'm really happy with the xl as i can layer underneath and it's just super roomy and comfy. the quality of this jacket is great. it will be a staple for years to come. i
5	I just wore these and they were comfortable and didn't stretch our or become baggy throughout the day. i have three kids and am constantly moving. they're a nice in between weight and held up nicely. i have some from j.crew that stretch out and become baggy in the knees and backside and these didn't do that. i usually wear an 8/10 and i purchased a medium and they fit well. i would say that run a little big though.
4	This arrived just in time for the winter snow storm. i was glad i had read previous reviews advising that it ran large, and that the gray sleeves are surprisingly attached to the sweater, and do not represent a separate top beneath the sweater. i got a size small, and it fits perfectly. it's big and boxy but doesn't make feel like i look fat. with slim-fitting trousers - it's super stylish.
5	Love embroidery!
4	I have been watching this skirt and only scooped it up on sale plus promo. it runs small and the size 10 fits like a size 8 would fit . 145 lbs and curvy figure, flat tummy but have hips and tush. the quality is just ok and not worth the full price but on sale it was doable. i love a-line styles and this skirt is different with the fabric stitching at diagonal pieces. it is light weight so i can really see this being worn more in spring and summer and a go to skirt that looks sharp . website pho
5	After reading the reviews i was hoping to be able to try this on in store. i was able to try on a xxs and a xs in the store on the sale rack. i tried both on and i usually will take an xs or small in sweaters. funny, but the xxs seemed to be a little longer in the front and the fit is nicer on me. after reading others review of this sweater i thought for sure it would be super short on the xxs but it wasn't. just goes to show you should always try on first! i did not feel that the sleeves were l
1	I was so excited to splurge on a mara hoffman suit and was sorely disappointed when i received this suit in the mail. i'm petite and fairly curvy, so i knew it would likely be a little long in the torso but the whole suit was so oddly shaped, i couldn't imagine anyone it would fit. the square shape in between the halter pieces is awkward, and the pieces that are supposed to hold your chest are super wide and loose.
5	I purchased these leggings to match the top pictured with the outfit. i love the top, and i wanted to love the leggings since the combination of the top with the leggings has fantastic style. alas, the straps around the ankle got bunched because my legs are just not long enough. even though these are very comfortable leggings, i will be returning the leggings due to the length issue.
2	I tried this blouse on in the store. i'm generally an 8 or 10 in this brand. i got down to a size 4 and gave up. this blouse is huge all the way around. the detail on the blouse is pretty, but the tent like cut made it impossible for me to buy it. i know retailers blouses can be swingy and flows but this went way beyond. perhaps on a tall person the swing would work but on a short person like myself...i looked ridiculous.
5	This is one of my favorite tops! i have it in two colors. it's almost like a swing look, yet it still feels like it gives me a shape to my body. very easily paired with a skinny jean. i paid full price for th two, but now i'm sure i'll buy the third on sale!
5	When i spotted this online i just knew it was a 'must have'. holding horses brand usually runs big on me, but this is a more fitted top. i ordered the size 4 & 6 so i cld compare. well, the 4 is a little snug in the bust area & the bodice seam falls high across the mid-bust area. except for that the fit is good. being cotton i realize it will probably shrink some when washed so i don't think the 4 works for me. the size 6 is much looser overall & the fit is much better in the bust area. the armh
5	This top is beauitiful. gorgeous detailing with the eyelet lace, black flower appliquã©s, silver beads and tiny rose gold sequins down the front. true to size. i'm 5'2", 130 lbs, 34b and took my usual size 4. the slits do come up a bit far on the sides like another reviewer noted but not really enough to be a problem. i didn't find it necessary to get the petite size in this top. i was going to wait until further markdown since the top is still pricey even with a 20% discount but couldn't resist
5	Beautiful medium weight duster; it looks just like on line photos! my store did not have this duster so i ordered on line. i usually wear a medium top, but sometimes a large. i'm 5'7", 140 lbs, and i don't like my tops tight. i ordered this duster in xl because i like room in my cardigans; i could have gone with a large. i have to roll up the cuffs of the sleeves, but i like to do that anyway. this sweater duster is soooo soft and warm! so comfy! very stretchy with no closures on the front.
5	I'm 5' 120 and the 4p fit like a glove. i have a bigger chest and there is no pulling on the buttons. the colors and fit on the dress are perfect. i had so many compliments when i wore it!
4	This is a cute sweater that can be very versatile. i love to wear it to work with a dress pant as well as with jeans on the weekends. it is soft and looks great on. would recommend.
5	I have had my eye on this dress since the spring (in yellow), but it sold out quickly. i jumped on this dress as soon as i saw it come out in different colors this fall! i purchased the peach color and it is really lovely. i will be wearing this dress for family photos. the lace and the details are so very pretty! i am usually a size 0 or 2, and purchased in size 2 since there is no stretch to it. it is a beautiful dress and i highly recommend it! wish it came in white!
5	I love everything about this tunic : the color, fabric and design! i am very happy with this perches!
4	I have now purchased these pants (online) three times in the ivory. i first ordered them in a 28 as it was the only size available, and i thought that size would fit me in this brand. wrong! i was swimming in them. great pants, but too large in the waist. i kept checking online and they popped back in a 27, which i thought would fit. wrong again! they arrived a couple of days ago, and still they are too large in the waist, but since 27 was the only size available, i thought that i would keep the
5	Love this coat! beautiful pattern and thick enough to keep you warm with a lining inside. i am short so i got the petite and it fits perfectly in the arms and overall length. i read other comments about the button being too low but i didn't find this to be true. i liked the lower button as it allows you to show some of what you have underneath.
5	I ordered the cream. the fabric is unique. similar to a waffle but with a dressy quality. you definitely need a cami or tank underneath. its form fitting without being too snug. i like to wear it with distressed jeans, front tucked in and kind of ruched to hide my middle, (my trouble spot) with chunky accessories, belt, necklace and a block heel. it's a little pricey but decided worth it.
3	I love the color (coral/pink) and the open shoulder design of this top, but it's too blousy at the bottom (way too much fabric). i ordered a small. i am 5'4" and 120 lbs. i might try an xs if they still have them in stock. fabric is comfortable. the ties on the sleeves add a special touch.
5	Great light weight sweater. perfect for spring. runs true to size. definitely will buy another color.
5	This dress didn't do much for me on the hanger but it was on sale and thought i would try it on in the store. so glad i did, definitely cuter on than just hanging there. the back has a belt feature that adds a little structure. the colors are nice and bright. will be good for our hot austin summers.
3	This is a cute, flattering dress, however the drop-waist, the short length and the odd-length sleeves (shorter than shown in the photos!!!) added up to me feeling like i was dressing way to young. it just didn't convey an elegant, mature vibe. this dress is perfect for a 20s-30s woman who wants a versatile dress to wear on many occasions. it's great because it's not too expensive and you could wear it with any type of shoes. my big problem is the lack of transparency regarding the actual slee
5	Runs true to size for brand/retailer clothes (xs for 5'5", ~120lbs), but a little tight in the shoulders/biceps if you have fairly developed muscles or just wide shoulders. watch out for the skirt riding up when you reach for something or bend over.
4	Cute shirt, nice for layering.
5	This top is very easy to wear. it's a great, versatile, and unique piece. the textile is really soft and i found, quite special. it is pretty lightweight and the sleeves have some great stripes of more sheer fabric.
5	Love the shirt! fits great and is so cute! a must have for fall!
5	This product is perfect for early fall wear. when the weather is a little cooler a shell worn under it will be fabulous
4	This is a great basic tee (purchased in navy) but fits much larger than it appears on the model. the arms/chest area fit fine but it really billows out below. the front is shorter and the back is longer than i would've expected. i thought this would be great for summer, but it's really too long in the back to wear with shorts. it does, however, look great with skinny jeans.
3	I waited and got this sweater at the winter sale. i ordered the navy in a medium. the design is pretty, but as has been said, i was surprised at how short it is. i do love the detail, the tie back. nice weight. i have not found it to be itchy. the sweater i received was a store return, and it was a little wrinkled and fuzzy, but for $35 i considered my hunt for the perfect navy pullover to be over. i do need to wear a cami underneath, as the sides are more revealing than pictures. the first day
5	I was so surprised to find this in the sale. it is beautiful. light and airy while lined. the color is bright and fun. it is so comfortable. i ordered an xs based on reviews (this is my typical size in this type of style) and it fit great. i ordered the regular length even though i am only 5'4". i am about 120#. will be an easy "go to" skirt to throw on for a casual look or can be dressed up. did i mention comfortable?
4	I love this unique piece. it is slightly over sized which is intended - cinches allow you to tighten the waist area/providing more definition. will look great with booties in the fall.. great boho dress.. the included slip runs small and short. however, if it's a piece you love, you could easily wear a different slip if you wanted something a little longer.
5	This is my go-to shirt. perfect for layering, perfect for around the house or perfect for topping an outfit with a scarf. the white is a little sheer but it's fine for me.
3	Although i am small (size xs on top, 27 waist) this dress is not flattering if have any fat on your body....i would not recommend it.
5	I first tried this dress in my usual size 4, and thought it was a pretty fabric but boring and not particularly flattering.  i later read the positive reviews and the next time i was in the store i tried it in a 2, and it was so much better!  very pretty shape.  uiu might want to size down because the shoulders were set a little wide apart and bodice was gapping in my usual size.  for reference, i'm 5'6", 125 lbs.
5	I got the black in size small. i love this easy, breezy and comfy t. i love that it's different and can wear with anything. the shirt is more flowy vs fitted which i like. i wish they had more colors! i could see myself wearing this shirt a lot this summer. i'm a size 2 and bought a small.
2	I wear med or large in most items. the medium was huge. fit like a moo moo. size down by at least two.
5	I admittedly watched this dress until it went on sale, then was lucky enough to find it! i couldn't find my normal size (8p), so thought i would take a chance with the 10p and it fit perfectly! i haven't tried on the 8p, but i'm guessing it would have been a bit snug. the dress is comfortable and feminine, and i absolutely love it. i know i will wear it all summer!
5	I'm pregnant (2nd trimester) and really wanted a beautiful, non-maternity dress. i got this in ivory and it's just perfect. the lace on the sleeves is really comfortable, i love the fit, and i love the length. i got tons of compliments on it. my only regret is that i didn't also get it in slate and i really wishing it would get re-stocked.
3	This shirt is not what i expected. i ordered the "green" motif, which is not green at all but black. in the product photos the drawings appear to have a white outlining but its brown. the shirt is made of a good quality cotton and fits great. i ordered the medium. which gave me a lot of extra room to where i could have sized down to a small. for reference i am a 36b and usually wear a medium in most retailer tops. i don't plan on keeping this because i was really hoping for a white background to t
5	It's hard to find a sweater that is warm and cozy, but doesn't look bulky. this sweater does it all. it is delicate looking and soft and flattering. it is also surprisingly warm. i wear it with jeans for everyday, but it looks good enough to wear out to dinner or such. i bought the periwinkle which was the most flattering on me (blond and fair). i am hoping to get the green too when they go on sale. i said it runs a little small because i took a small instead of my usual extra small in sweaters.
5	This dress is adorable. the colors are vibrant and very eye catching. i found it runs tts -- for reference i'm 5'4" 140lbs and i ordered a 6. the dress is fitted on top with some very nice/forgiving pleats around the stomach.
5	Very nice top. flattering and goes with everything. i bought the medium in the green but would have needed the large in the white as the white was a little see through and showed more of my flaws. i agree with the other reviewer in that this top has good button placement.
5	This sweater is quite lovely. the yarn is light and delicate and the sweater is over all very feminine and figure flattering. i bought the light red color which is quite attractive and i'm not usually a fan of reds and pinks. this sweater can be worn casually with jeans or more dressed up for the office. anyone that is looking for a sweater that can be worn with almost anything should defiantly consider this one.
5	Comfy, cozy, and great bargain for the sale price.
3	I loved the fit, color and style, but the fabric seemed very thin and cheap. i was worried that it would tear easily. this is getting returned.
5	This is a great dress; good quality fabric. the pattern & color are spot on. the silhouette is divine & would work on many body types. i also love the length!
2	The top of this suit was not proportioned well. i am normally a 34c so with swimsuits i vary between a small or a medium. the cup size on this was very small for a medium. the band to hook in the back was almost too big. there was no way to adjust the band in the back and the cups were clearly too small for a c cup. the print was darling but unfortunately this will have to go back.
5	I hate buying dresses because i rarely find one that fits well. i'm very petite on top (xsmall) and small/med on bottom, 5'8". usually dresses are tight on my hips & thighs and loose up top. this fairly lightweight yet warm dress is such a winner! form-fitting yet stretchy and forgiving in all the right places. the x-small and small both fit pretty well but i decided to go with the x-small on this one. i think this will be a staple winter/fall dress. loved the fit so much i bought it in the peac
5	So glad i purchased this top! it has great style and can be matched with just about everything. the material is very soft and it seems really durable.
4	Although $$$$$ i want to support usa products and am so glad retailer continues to add these options .i also decided to splurge with family coming home for the holidays, a way to stay in pajamas but still look dressed. i am only 5'2" and these were just longer than capri length, more like the close-up view online. to get them ankle length you would have to push them way down on your hips, not sure how the tall model did that! i am 106 lbs and considered exchanging the xs for an s, these run
5	This dress is so cute and so comfortable. i will be wearing this to a lot of different kind of events. i am so happy with this purchase.
3	I like the style and the design of this culottes, but the texture of the fabric will caught on any rough surface. i had a few loose loops for just one wear... so it will be nice to wear for work or shopping , but not good to go to the park or play with kids...
4	This is a really pretty print on a decent top. the only reason i returned is because it didn't look good with my skin tone and the fabric is thin. i'd planned to use it as a later under cardigans.
5	These are my first pair of mother denim and certainly not the last. they fit true to size. i am a 26 in designer denim such as j brand, paige, ag. i bought these in a size 26 and they fit perfectly. they hug my curves nicely. i am 5'3 so they bunch up just a little bit at the ankles which i can easily have altered, but honestly don't need it. the quality is great - nice denim material with a lot of stretch to it. i love my skinny jeans tight and these were exactly what i was looking for!
4	I love t-shirts by t la, but unfortunately this particular one was different. the sizing was off. it ran small, although i ordered my usual size medium for this brand. i think the shirt is cute though;)
5	Absolutely love these leggings - warm, comfortable - great way to relax after a long day? snuggle up in these...do stretch even longer after a while, but wash and wear again is easy - even wear out of the house...bought in green and love how well they go with sweaters, shirts, etc. -
4	Nice quality, but enough material for two sets of tights. can scrunch up at the bottom for a different look.
3	The button detail on the sides is a unique design detail. i had fun playing with different looks that came with unbuttoning and buttoning the sides. but i decided against purchasing this top, it appeared shapeless on me. i have a curvier/athletic figure, and a straight up and down cut is not flattering on my figure.
2	This shirt is unflattering and boxy. it does not look cute at all on me. i am returning.
1	One can't tell from the picture but the top shoulder part is sheet and transparent. it also is very long almost dress length.  feels less quality than what retailer usually carries.
4	I love this tee. really comfortable and super cute too!
2	Didn't work on this curvy gal. sizing up would have helped with the button gaps, but the flowy shape of the blouse would have looked too maternity on a larger size. major pass.
4	I'm being eyeballing this dress for quite a while, finally i decided to jump on it and i was so ansy to receive it in the mail, finally arrived and some how wasn't what i was expecting, the front part has 2 pieces of fabric attached to the sides of the dress that wrap around your waist making that effect you see on the model. to be honest i didn't like that at all, i think they ruined the dress with that, the dress is very comfortable feeling, the fabric is super soft i can imagine wearing this
5	This dress is truly a no brainer purchase! it is a stunning dress with gorgeous embroidery, beading and  the color is just perfect for fall! i am only 5'2 and i went with the regular size since i don't like to go too short. that said, you can totally rock this dress with leggings and boots if it is too short. i weigh 103 lbs and i am normally an xxs but i'm glad i went with the xs since it would have been too tight at the top and should even  be slightly loose fitting on the bottom. love everyth
4	This dress is adorable, but fit a bit large through the waist. i ordered the 6 and am exchanging for the 4, so hopefully it will work better for me. for reference, i am 5'7, 135 lbs curvy. the fabric is soft and swingy and the striped under-layer is feminine and adorable. love.
1	I thought this would be a cute business attire skirt. i hate to say it, but i felt like it flared out as if i were amelia bedelia or some whacky children's book character and not retailer. the fabric made it look bulky. i sadly had to return it.
4	Very flattering, the material is not the softest but it's an easy one to throw on with jeans
4	The design of this top is super cute and the material is decent. the only flaw is that despite buying the smallest size (xxsp), it's still very boxy on me. i wish it was more fitted at the waist which would make it much more flattering. however, since i am actually pregnant, this actually works to my advantage, for the time being.
3	I was excited to receive this tunic in the red (more of a rose color) yet so disappointed to find out how large it runs. my usual size with retailer is a small (sometimes, xs). after reading through the reviews, i ordered an xs and even the xs is too big -- just too much fabric. unfortunately, the xxs is sold out and the xs will be returned.
4	Love to just throw on this shirt with whatever accessories and skinny jeans. easy to wear and very comfortable
5	I love the style, easy to wear to work or out for an evening. great quality.
5	Love this top. it is a little big through the body/waist, i thought it would be a little more fitted but i still love it. the bow really makes the shirt
5	I actually paid full price for this over the winter and i'm not sorry i did. great top w/lovely fabric. i usually wear a small but in this top, an xs, so it runs a bit large.
4	Love this dress! it is very flattering and makes my waist look tiny. i don't care for the hem. it isn't terrible, but i wish it was cut straight across instead of curved at the bottom. i'll probably have it altered. comfortable, great for the office.
5	I usually wear a medium or large in retailer clothes. i purchased this in a large and it fit perfectly. it is a clingier top but i didn't find it too much so. the ribbing makes it very attractive and slimming, and also can be worn as a stand alone turtleneck or easily as a layered piece. it is super soft and comfy as others have mentioned, and a tad thicker than just a cotton turtleneck would be - it has substance. also, it would be great for traveling because it doesn't wrinkle at all. love that!
2	Oh, i wanted this dress to work! i bought it in green, red and the solid blue. all ran really small. i *just* fit in a 10, when i would normally take a 6 in retailer sizes (5'8" and 140 lbs). as with many other reviewers, i also noticed that the zipper was a huge flaw. it took a long, slow motion to get it zipped because it would get stuck on the fabric variations. such a cute style, was really bummed it didn't work. i kept ordering it in other colors thinking i would hit the jackpot, but they wer
5	I love this top, the details at the neck and shoulders are lovely, both front and back. it's also very comfortable and soft, allowing you look nicely dressed while feeling like you are wearing a soft tee-shirt. the sleeves are a good length with some elastic at the cuffs so you can push them up. sadly, it's sold out in in my size online and in the stores, otherwise i would certainly snap it up at the sale price.
5	I love this blazer! it's so comfortable! i just wonder if the company makes more "inserts" in different fabrics/colors? i'd love to be able to change it up a bit.
5	The quality of the fabric and the design are perfect. i love the cut out and how flattering on my shorter figure. i am somewhere between a 6 and 8 and the 6 fit perfectly. it can also be strapless which is a sexier version.
4	I like this tunic. it is quite long and print in blue looks good with the butterflies. it feels very hot though! maybe better for winter. the sleeves are linen, i usually don't like linen much, it feels scratchy. this top works better in colder weather due to the sleeves and length of top. more like a tunic. i recommend it but am sending it back because i need something for summer.
5	Just purchased this in the lilac color in the store in my usual xs size. the cut and shape are very flattering, with the waist sitting lower than my natural waist. in person, the color looks very different than on the website. it is more a lovely neutral taupe to me. one thing is that the snap at the neck is placed about one half inch off in order for the neckline to lay flat. since this jumpsuit is so cute, i decided that this is an easy fix i can do myself.
3	I am typically a small at retailer, but always order a small and medium to try since i'm tall. the color of the green is really pretty, and i can see wearing it on the weekend with casual sandals, and dressing it up with a cropped jacket for work. the sizing is way off on this dress, though. the small is too short for me (personally). i'm 5'8" and the waist doesn't sit low enough for a drop-waisted style. so i tried a medium. the medium is not sized correctly at all. i tried it on and it fits 3 si
3	Purchased this top because of the sale. i got it in the peach and the maize. i think it is big, boxy, and loose but at the sale price it is not a bad top to have. the colors are vibrant and striking. pretty with shorts and capris. i did size down from 2 to 0
5	Could not say enough great things about this jacket. nice quality and drape and such a wearable, comfortable option as opposed to a more structured blazer. nice, true to size fit (petite small was perfect on my 5'2" 115 lbs frame--not too tight and not baggy, sleeves still 3/4.) will order an petite xs for my daughter, too. retailer, i would definitely buy other colors if you decide to order them.
5	Every once in a while, i randomly pick something from the sales floor that really knocks it out of the park. print is subtle and pretty, crochet neck really lightens up the look of a long top with a lot of coverage. it's cut perfectly--beautifully drapes without being so flowy it's mistaken for maternity. worth full price! word of warning, i saw one top on the rack with a small amount of crochet that was unraveling, so may need to check before buying. i'm usually a size 6-8, purchased size small
4	Beautiful spring dress. perfect for luncheons or any occasion. so very pretty, lovely fabric and good fit. you will definitely feel pretty in this dress. y daughter is 5'3" and the length was perfect.
5	This dress is very cute. the material is high quality and as others have mentioned it isn't jet black, but more muted. the cut of the neckline is very flattering and the pockets are definitely a bonus. you could dress this up or down with flats or heels - it's very versatile. it will be perfect for summer and in the evening you can throw a sweater or even a moto jacket over it. definitely worth every penny.
4	This top caught my eye right away and i had to have it! i am obsessed with everything off the shoulder and this is a great transition piece to wear that off the shoulder look well into fall. i was expecting the fabric to be a little lighter and i did't realize there would be a ribbed texture to the fabric. the shirt is also very long and i feel as though it runs large. that being said it looks super cute on and i intend to style it just as shown in these pictures with zipper accented skinny jean
5	These are the best trousers i have bought in a long time! i'm 5'8 and 145 pounds and the 8 fit with a bit of extra room in the waist--not enough to size down. i love that they are not "skinny"--so over the skinny fit. i plan to wear these with black heels, white tee, and the vegan black leather jacket i purchased at the same time--oh, and a statement necklace--always a statement necklace. these are a must for every fall wardrobe! more pants like these, please!
5	This is a very pretty blouse with a vintage, romantic looking fabric. the tiny pleats near the neck and shoulders are lovely. i love the colors...black, brown, and cream. it's hard to find a top that can be worn well with both black and brown. the long tie adds a romantic feel. this blouse is totally sheer so requires a cami or tank. i actually love the blouse, but returned it because it is super blousy. i am 5'2", 140 lbs., and the small was fine. it is just so blousy, that even belting it didn
5	Immediately loved this when i saw it online and even more in person. i'm only 5'1' so i tried the petite sizing first but ended up buying the regular in an xs for the slightly longer length. the regular fit me like the model in length and i probably could have taken the xxs except the sleeves were too narrow in that size. i like that the cuffs are long so if you have to turn it up (like i do) it doesn't look weird. also, i found the fit flattering at the hips, following my hourglass shape withou
5	Tts. i'm 38c, 8-10 and m fits just right. nice and fitted at the top, flowy skirt. i got the cream and love the skirt pattern.
3	Beautiful dress, wonderful fabric, very well made, just runs really small! so sad, i wanted this dress for a special event!
5	This polo shirt has just the perfect amount of feminine detail to make it a great addition to my wardrobe. i love the shorter version, and it looks great with both jeans or skirts.
5	I absolutely love everything about this dress. it can be dressed up or down. no complaints.
5	I reallllly love this sweater! i could wear it every day if i could. the sweater is comfortable, lightweight (but not see through) and versatile.
5	This is my first pair of pilcro pants but defiantly not my last. i always have a hard time trying to decide between a regular length and a tall because at 5'10" i usually fall somewhere in between. i ordered the regular length and couldn't b happier, they are just long enough to wear a shorter heal with or a pair of flats. the beige color is really nice and pairs nicely with the sky blue mock turtleneck sweater i also ordered from retailer. i love the retro 70's style too! i couldn't be happier wi
4	This shirt has much less color variation in person (online it appears vaired, imo). in person it is a darker classic charcoal grey with little to no color variation. ---------- this shirt is very soft, of medium weight, and fits tts. the buttons down the back of the shirt are functional, and the backside pleating ensures you don't show too much skin if you opt to leave one or two unbuttoned. ---------- this is just a nice all-round staple shirt. there is no high-super low shirt tail hem; additio
4	I ordered a 6p in this dress so it wld fall above my knees & be slightly smaller than a regular 6. sometimes a regular size 4 works, sometimes a 6. typically a regular size 6 is big on me. i am 5'3", 118#, 36c. just recd the 6p in the mail. the first thing i noticed is that it's s a knit fabric that looks & feels like polyester although says 'cotton' on the inside label. i think it wld be a bit warm in hot weather, but that is just my observation. the main problem is that it is too big on each s
4	The red is so pretty in-person. i love the details on the sleeves... only complaint is the fit is pretty boxy and couldn't size down because it is borderline to short in length. did buy it today and we will see if it work out!!
3	I really want to like this dress - it's beautiful, but it just fits like a sack. the yoke exaggerates my bust and the dress makes me look 20 lbs heavier. perhaps if you are tall and thin like the mode, or small chested, it would be great! the quality and color is beautiful.
5	This dress is really beautiful in person. it comes with a spaghetti strap clingy cotton slip underneath. it runs at least 2 sizes large. i tried my usual size 6 and needed to go down to a zero.
5	Love this tank. material and fit are great. love that it's reversible. highly recommend!
4	Wore this dress for easter dinner and received many compliments. it is delicate and if not careful the diamond pattern can snag. i loved the comfort and ability to dress up or down. i ordered the regular instead of petite as i wanted the length at my knees not thigh high. and it fit perfect at 5'4.
3	The kimono is as pictured. the colors are true to what is shown on line, though the description indicates "green multi"--it is not green. i returned the item, however. the quality is fine, but it seemed extremely over-priced to me. it seems to me that half the price would be fair for the quality.
5	This beautiful blue sweater was exactly what i wanted!
5	This shirt was very cute. i ordered it as something to be able to wear to class with leggings and it is perfect. the colors are great and the length is very nice. it will be a nice piece to layer with a jacket for the the fall.
5	I love the fabric, since it's fall wasn't expecting it to be light. but its not heavy either. just the right balance. this is one of those classics. i love the collage like pattern of the fabric. the fit is true to size and looks great with bootie/boots. (dressed up or down).
5	I adore this maxi! the fit, style, pattern (black motif), machine washability, everything! fits tts (got my usual size s for 5'7", 125lbs). i would say that the length is appropriate - some are super long on me, and i'm not one to wear heels. i was also happy that the top fits nice and snug - my issue is usually that when i bend forward the top drapes open due to my small chest - no problem with this dress! i think it's perfect piece for spring/summer/fall and dressing up or down. my one slight
3	I fell in love with this skirt when i saw it on display so i had the store order me an xspetite. it seemed like the perfect lightweight summer skirt that would go with everything. it arrived today and i was a bit underwhelmed with the way it actually fit on me. it is kind of a thick linen/cottony material and just didn't lay down well, bunching out on the sides in a way i didn't find to be very flattering. so 5 stars for print and whimsy and charm, but 3 stars for actual fit on. alas it is going
5	As the other reviewers stated, it does run large, i sized down 1 size and it's perfect. great dress to wear so many ways.
5	I saw this dress on someone and knew immediately i had to have it.  it is stunning in person.
2	I had high hopes for this top but once again it is just a big boxy too much material top. i get the style but if it adds 10lbs to your middle area its not for me. it is a thin material so it does hang nice.
4	This lovely skirt absolutely hits the mark for quality. it is a substantial weight for fall, a deep vivid blue color, and just the right length to wear with boots.  it was a trifle snug in the waist. i would have kept it anyway, but the oversized pockets stuck out on either side in an awkward way.  at this price, it just wasn't right for me.
5	This is the perfect grab and go t-shirt. i love the fun design as it takes a simple t-shirt and makes it fun. i originally ordered the small but it was way to big for me especially at the waist. the bottom half of this top is much looser and if you want to have a more fitted look, size down. very cute.
5	Love this top. fits true to size. not to boxy,, sleeves are so cute! looks very rich. a must have in your wardrobe!
5	First time trying pilcro, but glad i did. these shorts are extremely soft and comfortable without being too short. love love!
5	If there ever was the perfect feminine dress, this would be it .
4	This was a holiday splurge and combined with a sale discount, it was a good price. i love this coat. i agree with some of the shapelessness in the back. but it's not a deal breaker for me. the overall cuteness won me over.
2	I purchased this shirt in white and black. the white is more ivory-isn, and is a bit thin/see through. the shirts can be worn with jeans, or dressed up with a skirt. i just wish it was a little more form fitting. i do like the hint of stretch in the fabric! very comfortable as well!
5	This is a beautiful casual top...it is a loose fit that is generously sized so instead of my usual large i purchased the medium for a better fit...the length is perfect not too long or short! the colors coordinate great with denim!
5	This is so comfortable, i had to buy another one. looks great under sleeveless sweaters. interesting texture adds interest.
5	Love this denim jacket (also have it in white) the reason i didn't give it 5 stars all around is the distressing is just a bit too much (none on the back which is kind of strange). i'd love it even more if it wasn't distressed at all, then it could be dressed up much more for work. but overall it's my favorite, great fit and a bit of stretch so very comfy. please make this in some other denim colors!
3	I really like this skirt but unfortunately there is no lining, so it's a bit see through under the light. also there is no hook at the top of the zipper to secure the skirt. i just think that with this kind of price, the skirt should come at least with the lining. otherwise, it's beautiful skirt, flowy and very feminine.
2	The dress is just ok. i cannot imagine having paid full price for this. i got it for florida vacation. i put it on to wear to church first and spilled a drop of lavender oil on it and it stained!!!! cant get it out. thats punk for a dress that even on sale is like. sending back
5	Modern, unique, versatile; love it paired with the essential culottes. usually size 4/small but got the xs, otherwise the armholes dipped down too low as did the back hem of the sweater (
3	I wanted to love this dress so badly. it came and the material is beautiful, but when i put it on it fit so awkwardly. there was just no way to make it look good. maybe i needed a smaller size, but oh well.
5	This is a great piece to help ease on in to the chillier days of fall and winter. it's versatile- i can see myself wearing it with plain short or long sleeved tees or even tops with more elaborate padderns or button downs! there's so many options i cannot wait to put this gorgeous piece to use! just as an fyi, the sleeve openings are slightly unfinished and have a frayed effect to them. this may not even be noticeable if you're not looking right up close. for me, this adds to the unique quality
3	I decided to take advantage of the free shipping despite seeing no reviews yet. i received the dress today and it is exactly as pictured, only about 3 inches shorter. i am usually between an xs and s but chose the xs because of late, everything i seem to order is huge. this was an exception and i could have ordered the s. color was as pictured, a nice green. fabric was a gauzy cotton. the dress was just "alright". nothing special to warrant the price tag. it felt like a little girl's dress on me
5	Gorgeous wide leg sweats. i did wear them outside but i wore with a long t because they are slightly see through if they are snug on your bum. they don't seem like they will last long because they are thin. but the cut is adorable and very flattering. they were a gift, not sure i would have spent $78 but i do love them.
1	I saw this at the store today. very excited about it but i had no idea how to get it on! there is a side zipper so i attempted to step into the jumper through the collar but could never get my arms through! from what i could see on my body, it would have been too short in the crotch. i decided not to fight with it to put on entirely. i gave up. cute shade of green though.
2	Buttons were broken off when i opened the package, stretchy at waist, not good quality for the price.
4	I'm liking this jumpsuit, it's not love but it's definitely a like. i typically avoid the elevenses brand since it never seems to fit right but i gave this a try. i usually take a l in other retailer brands but sized up to xl in this and it was a good choice. first off, the material is awesome, super soft and drapey. but i agree with another reviewer who mentioned the zipper being short and it being tough to get into. i found that to be right on, makes it a little hard to get your arms through the
3	This runs really big. i usually wear s or m so i got a small but i need the xs in this top and it is sold out. i don't have a store close by (about an hour away) and i hate paying shipping for returns! i will either have to plan a trip to the store or try to exchange for size over the phone. i debated keeping the small but it is really too big .... i love the style though!
3	If you look closely at the pattern it is a giant triangle running across the front of your body. this doesn't do great things really if you have more of an hourglass shape or small waist. it completely removed the idea that you have a small waist and draws attention to the area of the triangle that is the largest. also, i agree with another reviewer about being cautious about buttons, as several were off some of the dresses.
3	I loved the actual design on the fabric. the flowers are gorgeous and i was really looking forward to wearing them, but the fabric was much too thin for me. i was surprised because another review said they were thick. to me, it felt like tights material, almost. however, they were not see through, which is great. overall, they just didn't look great on my body. 5'9" size 6/8 curves, medium was a bit too loose.
5	I passed this sweater a few times during a recent visit to retailer. after striking out on several items i thought would work, i grabbed this sweater in the cream color. i loved it as soon as i put it on! it is meant to be oversized, which i love. the neck is chunky and looks good open or buttoned all the way to make a loose turtleneck. looks great with skinny jeans and booties. i went with my usual xs. great purchase!
5	Love this top! it is super flattering with a long floaty body. i usually wear a 4 but sized up to a 6 due to the reviews and am happy with it but think a 4 would have fit as well.
2	I probably should have gone with petite. this dress was just awful on. the waist was nowhere near where it was supposed to be. it hits me about thigh level. it's very unforgiving, clingy, and shows every bump. i found the material tolerable but if worn for long periods of time, i have a suspicion that it would begin to irritate my skin and be scratchy. it's going back.
5	This skirt looks very nice in person and it hugs one's cure beautifully. the hem is uneven which makes it more interesting. i am 5'2", 120lbs, tried it in the navy/beige color in size s and size xs, and i found size xs fits better. the fabric is soft and stretchy, and it drapes well. because i am petite, the length of the normal size fits me more like a maxi skirt (it goes all the way down to my mid calf). unfortunately, the petite xs is sold out, so i have to settle with the normal size xs. sti
5	I couldn't decide between the black and the red. this is a really cute dress that could be dressed up or down. just be aware of the high, somewhat tight neck.
5	Highly recommend this top. received lots of compliments on the day that i wore. recommend wearing with a tank top.
4	I adore this sweater. it is so soft and cozy. i ordered two because i really need some good winter sweaters that are forgiving on the pooch but not wool (darn allergies). so i ordered this in the white and black (camel is a bad color for me). tried on the first sweater when they arrived and it was so comfy i didn't want to take it off. then i looked in the mirror. i'm a tall gal, 5' 11" with broad shoulders and i weigh about 165, and this sweater was so unflattering! it just made me look big
5	These tights are perfect. they seem like they will last a couple seasons with minimal wear. just the slightest texture and not shiny. i got the beige/brown to layer with dresses/skirts and boots. love.
4	These are a nice option if you want crops that are shorter than the typical mid-calf length, but you don't want short-shorts. they hit right at the knee, so the length makes them cool and comfortable for summer. i wanted them to run errands, walk my dogs, and generally to just hang out. they'll be nice when traveling too. they run large. i usually wear a 28 but bought the 27 in these. ( 5'5", 124 lb.) they also definitely stretch out while being worn, so you may be able to size down even furthe
5	I saw a stylist wearing a similar piece from a few seasons ago and commented that i liked it on her. i was told they had a different version (a few actually) and i decided to try it on. it actually is pretty flattering, i had flared jeans on but also could see it with a dress. i left it open, as pictured, tied one button, and also played with the neck and tried a cowl... all very nice. i debated getting my usual xs petite, but hey, they don't make it in petite, and the stylist thought the loo
5	Comfortable, thick material ( think: structured sweatshirt material) easy to throw on and look as if effort was made - when it wasn't. sizing. i'm between a large and xl usually. large was perfect. i'm tall and curvy: ( 36g curvy) and this cardigan/ belted jacket/is very flattering.
4	This fabric is the same as the turtleneck swing dress by maeve. it's lightweight and stretchy. the problem with this particular dress is the pattern in the fabric will be a little different on each dress depending on how the pattern was cut when it was made. i had to try on 5 different dresses to find one that was cut so the pattern looked and fell in the right spots when wearing the dress. hence 4 stars. the bodice is lined but the skirt itself is not. it is not see through. i'm 5'4" and 120#.
3	Frustrated that the details don't mention there's a side zip. for whatever reason, i have the hardest time fitting into dresses with side zips and so i was annoyed that the details say it's a pull-on style when that's not the case. there's also no give in the waist. besides the fit not working for me, it was a pretty dress but overall a little too much going on.
5	Love this dress - "swingy" is definitely the right descriptor. as someone with a large chest i was worried it would be boxy and make me look larger, but the cut is flattering even if it is on the loose size. it runs slightly large so if you're between sizes i would size down.
4	Love, love, love this top. it is everything i hoped it would be. i liked that it could be worn up or off the shoulder. what made me fall in love were the colors. quality is excellent as usual. it is quite full in bodice, however it's only an xs. i do best with xxs tops.
2	I gulped when i put this in my bag during retailer days because the price was still too much but thought this has to be wonderful to charge so much, right? boy was i wrong. this is a sweater knit with a very deep v-neck that's incredibly boxy and unattractive. the knit shed all over my pants in the few minutes i had it on. i ordered in xl, having never tried this designer and that was a mistake because i generally wear large or medium. it was swimming on me. the stripes aren't as cute in real life
5	I purchased this vest in the store. the colors vary depending on where it is sewn - i purchased one with black around the middle, and more black around the collar (it was more flattering). the fit and design are lovely. it's fuzzy, but since i don't have any 'fur' in my wardrobe, this is a nice ease into that part of fashion for me. i highly recommend it, even for the price.
3	I always have to try on tops of retailer. i know this, and yet i ordered a top through the website anyway. i don't think i'll do it again. the drape of the top seen in the pictures did not translate in real life because the top scratched up pretty quickly. ironically, when i washed it (according to directions) it also shrunk quite a bit.
2	This skirt for sure was the most disappointing thing i've ever ordered from retailer. it looks like an all white skirt that has a little stiffness to it but looks are deceiving. it has this weird checkered patten and there is no shape to the skirt at all. there are also weird stitching lines. one more thing that i didn't like about the skirt was that it's a cream-ish color. not even the cute flamingos will make me keep this skirt. it's going back.
5	I really love these jeans! they are so comfortable and are very flattering. i am 5'10 and a size 6. i bought the 28 regular and they fit perfectly. i have high hips, so i appreciate the mid rise in these. the length was perfect too, so i'm glad i did not purchase the tall. the length was the same on me as in the picture. the jeans arrived uncuffed, and they look just as cute without the cuff as they do with. i will definitely wear them with and without a cuff for different looks. i am very happy
5	This duster is a nice light weight dark navy that you can throw on to add a little something to a your outfit without adding bulk or warmth. looks nice over dress, jeans, crops. just a fun little item to have in you closet that you can grab to put a little twist to an outfit. best part of the duster....it has pockets!! i love being able to slide my iphone into a pocket while on the go!
2	I had this in my cart for a week before i took the plunge, because i thought it would make the cutest boho statement piece that could go from beach to casual evening outings. i'm 5'9", so i got the m/l to ensure length. maybe that was wrong? if the "laid flat width" was included maybe that would have been more helpful, but this thing was massive and looked like a potato sack. the side slits (of course hidden in the photos) came up to just over my natural waist, enhancing that effect. i loved the
4	I bought this top in both colors. the fit is perfect, the styling is very cute and it also is very comfortable!! the only bad thing is that it snags on my jewelry !! :(. if it weren't for that i would rate it a 5!!
5	At 6' tall, it's hard to find pants that fit my inseam (35") and these fit the bill. i normally wear a 30 or 31 tall in pants (from brands like ag or paige), but i bought these in a 29 tall as i find pilcro tends to run large. they are soft and comfortable and don't stretch out 3 sizes by the end of the day, which is great. they feel like leggings! the wine color looks just like the images. for those who find measurements helpful, i'm 6' tall, 160lbs with about 42" hips and a 35" inseam.
5	I loved this shirt online but when it came to my house i loved it even more. super comfy and really flattering! i love it!!! runs true to size!
5	I wasn't looking for a little black dress but i couldn't resist this one. it's as stunning in person as it is in the pictures online. the front has a corset-like closure which i didn't realize until it arrived. it's very classy though, not cheap looking. the lace detail is really beautiful. i was a bit concerned about how the sheer looking areas would look because i was hoping to wear the dress for a dressy work function. it's definitely a sexy dress but the fact that there's so much coverage ma
3	This romper is cute. i won't deny that. however, the rayon fabric made me really feel like i was wearing pajamas. i was afraid it would wrinkle horribly. however, the real problem with this romper is how hard it is to get on and off your shoulders. i'm short, but have a little wider shoulders, so, perhaps that was the issue. it seems like another reviewer had the same problem. there are only two snaps from the waist up and nothing to open it further from the waist down, so, i had to do some cont
4	I've never been so bummed a dress didn't work for me. this is so cute. i love that it's got a bit of a sleeve. it's one of those easy, pop-it-on-and-go pieces i'd love to have in my closet. i'm 5'2" and i tried on a 6p in the store and it was prefect except for the bust. the elastic peaked in the front and i can't imaging this dress working on anyone with more than a b cup. (i'm a d and it looked ridiculous in the bodice). i tried on a 6, and the proportions were all off. if the elastic went str
3	Cute details but not happy with the fit. runs wide and short. the peplum fabric on bottom is stiff, wrinkles easily, and lays funny. returning this one.
4	I just had to try it on because it was so soft! and i have never felt so comfortable and so sexy at the same time in a dress! i am 5'4 170lbs and 36ddd and the large fit well. i only with the slit came up higher. that might be an issue just because of my height though. loved it, waiting for a good sale!!
2	This is much prettier online than on me. too much dress, even though i sized down.
5	This shirt is a very cute dressed up casual kind of top. the lace detail in the front and the back make a plain, long sleeve black top look elegant. the material on the shirt is pretty light, so it is for fall or spring.
5	At first, i thought this sweater might be too boxy, but fastened at the waist, it's very flattering and the collar is face-framing, and the coral in particular (really more of a mango sorbet shade) is unexpected but cheery for winter. but the big selling point is the warmth and the giant pockets. brought a new puppy home just after christmas, and this sweater is perfect for layering for late- night trips out with an easy place to stash my phone and treats. bought it in coral and pink.
5	Such a lovely shirt and even though it is white, flowing and delicate it is not see-through so you will not have to worry about wearing an undershirt in the summer sun. lovely top!
5	These jeans were not for me. they are very straight...hence the name 'parallel'. i'm have more of a straight athletic build so for me it was too much straight and didn't flatter my shape at all. however, very nice jean once again from pilcro.
3	Great print, terrible quality. the material is paper thin. not at all what i look for in a robe. it's going back.
5	This jacket is perfect. swings just the right amount without looking too big.
4	Very pretty cardigan but it is huge! i ordered a large (normally xl or large) and it is so big! the shoulder seam comes to middle of my upper arm. i wanted to exchange it for a medium but they are out of stock. bummer.
5	Love these! i am a medium in shorts or 29-30, and the medium fit perfectly.. true to size, very soft, flattering cut and color. love the embroidery. great for travel, very light and can be jazzed up a little with nice sandals, almost like a flirty little short skirt. the fullness and non fitted look is great for a less than perfect tummy. i am very happy with this purchase.
5	Has anyone tried to hand wash this dress instead of dryclean? runs a little large. i am 5'5 135# 34dd and purchased xs. i was really surprised that xs fits well. i initially tried small but the armholes were too big. the waist is a little too high but i plan to wear it with a belt.
5	Adorable peplum top! colors are much more rich in person. saw it in the store and stalked it online until it went on sale. beautiful material and craftsmanship. i thought it ran on the large side though wish it was a touch longer but not enough to not purchase. highly recommend....great piece to dress up or down and easily add layers for fall.
5	This dress ran large on me. i am a 10, sometimes an 8 but went with the 10. it just hung on me, giving me no shape. the colors are pretty and the dress was nice, but i expected it to wow me more for the price. sending back, may try again if the next size makes it to sale.
5	I'm obsessed with this top! i got it for christmas and wore it to dinner with black pants and flats and got lots of compliments. the fit is cute and fun and the detail is about even prettier in person.
5	The colors are vibrant and the beading is beautifully simple and nicely done. i waited quite a few months for this dress but it was worth the wait! it's loose fitting, but still gives you some shape without looking like you are wearing a potato sack!
5	I absolutely love this sweater!! it's soft, easy to wash, and looks great!
4	I liked the way the dress looked in the front, but the material in the back was knit and very clingy. i did not think it was flattering on me.
5	I am so happy i took a chance on this jumpsuit! i am post-baby (six weeks) and although i intend on slimming down more i would say that it is flattering even at my current size. and it will only get better! the quality and color are great!
3	I wanted to love this shirt. i like the style, the material is soft but it was so short on me. perhaps i just have a long torso but it fit everywhere else. i wasn't even able to tuck it in because the sides just were so short.
5	I'm so glad to own this one. i just tried it today and fully satisfied as always with pilcro. true to size, perfect color. high waisted and flare just right. can be paired with cropped top or peasant top. looking taller on this outfit! best of all i got it on sale!
4	Easy to wear and very cute, especially for curvy ladies. but, i think it looks best worn with a best, or a blazer on top, something to emphasize the waist a bit more.
5	I tried it on in the store & loved it but didn't purchase. then the retailer sale happened so i had to order it. it's lightweight and perfect for southern california. the embroidery adds funk and femininity. i'm 45 and feel like this works well for any age. i'm typically a large or 12 and the large fit perfect. i can't wait till the temps drop so i can wear it!!!
5	Great tunic top! is longer than i thought it would be so i probably could have sized down, definitely covered my butt! but overall a great print and cute top. loving it!
5	These pants feel great. fit is true to size. the blue color is very unique. definitely recommend!
3	Pros: soft, quality top, true to size, and would look great (a little tucked in) and off the shoulder reality: it will be hard to keep the shoulders from sliding up, and (on me at least) it looked really meh...kind of dumpy. i'm 5'6", normally a medium/8, and i bought the medium here...fit was good. it's billowy and accurately displayed in the pictures, so as an hour-glass shaped gal, i'd need to tuck in the front (or all) or accessorize to give it a little shape. i really liked the feel a
3	I got an xs in this suit.  i am 5'1, 100#, a32.  this was much much too small.  it was very tight around the chest and i am only a 32a.  it is, however, a good looking suit.  i suggest sizing up.
4	I like this shirt because it can be worn for dressy or casual. i like the weight although i wish it was just a tad less see-through. i can get by without wearing a tank under but i usually feel like i have to wear one. i like the link. i feel like it runs just a little large. i love the length of the sleeves and the detail/cut of the sleeve. i like the colors on the shirt too. it's a good, versatile addition to my wardrobe!
2	I ordered this dress in a size 8, my normal size at retailer. it is a lovely dress and so feminine, but it is incorrectly sized. i couldn't begin to button it. i reordered it in size 12 if that tells you anything. buyer beware. unless you are itsy bitsy, you need to size up. i will say that as pretty as the photos are, the dress is even more lovely in person.
3	I really wanted to like this shirt but it doesn't seem to be of that great of quality and is much more sheer than indicated in the photographs. the shirt is very clingy and doesn't hang well. i sent it back
2	Don't even waste your money, even on sale. bought three in different colors because i loved the loose fit and airyness for hot southern summers. unfortunately, one of them ripped in the first wash. i let it air dry and thats when i found multiple runs and a hole that i could put my finger through. one of the other colors was fine, yet still pilled pretty bad. the third one still has the tag. keeping the one that survived the wash because i like the color - but will only be using it as a knock
5	This fits like a regular top for me. i can take petite on top most of the time. i bought this in a medium regular and it fits like my regular high low tees or tops. i think it's so cute on. it's light weight enough for warmer weather. i'm going to love it this spring/summer and into fall with a jacket or cardigan. another plus is it doesn't gape at the armpit which i get sometimes with regular cuts. it's not so low cut on me either, but i have a 32f (37-38ish inches) bust so that may be why? it
3	Super cut but easily wrinkles. eg. i ironed it, got dressed, then bent down to tie my daughters shoe and the whole front bottom was super wrinkly. i thought that it'd go away but it didn't... just got worse by the time i got out of my car at work... front and back were noticeably wrinkled all day.
4	My husband bought this for my birthday. i love that it can be dressed up or worn for a more fun occasion. i'm a tad small up top, so it fits a little too loose up there, but other than that it fits great. i'm considering getting it altered just because i love it so much.
5	From quality, to design, and overall comfort...these leggings have it all. they are so so soft and feel and look amazing on. i bought the black and i love the ribbed detailing. it's just enough to add a little something. i ended up buying the other two colors and another pair of black! for the price it's more than worth it.
2	These ag stevie ankle jeans only have 50% cotton.tthe rest is 41% lyocell (a rayon), 7% polyester, and 2% polyurethane. result: thin and clingy jeans that show every lump, and stretch out. . these are no longer the same lovely ags in twill when they were at 80% cotton, 18% modal, 2% pu. it seems ag has also stopped making denim and corduroy with 98% cotton, at least in the stevies. . i'm sure these will be a great choice for someone looking for very soft and thin pants that feel like pjs, b
4	I purchased this dress as an easy option to throw on after the gym or on a weekend trip without fuss. the fabric is soft, hangs well, and it is well-lined. but it's also a little more bilious than perhaps necessary to be beautiful and flowing. as in, i'm very comfortable in this dress, but it's not a dress i receive compliments while wearing. perhaps it reads as maternity wear without the belt.
2	This top is very beautiful and the color is a dream, but wow is it short! i'm 5'8" and it barely hit the top of the waistband on my jeans. the fabric is oddly heavy and not light and airy like i expected. it seemed like an odd choice for a blouse. because of the seaming and gathered fabric at the top of this shirt, i wouldn't recommend this to women who are busty/curvy on top. it made my chest look huge! this styling may work for petite ladies, but tall & curvy ladies beware.
5	I really love this top. normally i would not go for a lot of narrow stripes like this because i would think it is too busy, but this one is certainly the exception. both colors are fantastic and i think the design is alluring-not busy. i like that it buttons down which offers a lot of flexibility to display necklaces or have completely up to complete change the look. one of the things i absolutely love about this is that it has long sleeves. i think it is rare these days to find something that i
5	Love this dress. had to exchange it because it runs a little small. i got the right size and it is beautiful.
5	It's not often you can find a dress that is warm, cozy, timeless, and sexy at the same time, but this one is it. the material is thick but clings to the body in all the right places. i normally wear an xs or s, and in this i took an xs. sleeves are nice and long. your shoulders are exposed as much as you want them to be, depending on how low you fold over the collar piece. i chose to tack mine down in place, so i'm not always adjusting it. i wore this dress with black heeled over-the-knee boots
5	I tried on the petite size in my usual xs, adn i actually have to go down to xxs, i looked overtaken by the shirt. i'm 5'2" and 115lbs) cut is flowy and not close to the body, sleeves are narrower, but still ok with athletic built. color: light one is great for gals with darker complexion and hair, but for my pale self, the darker one was better... but can't go wrong, i ordered both colors and liked both of them. ruffle is a great addition too...
5	This top is very cute, very flattering, and very unique! love the high/low back! also very comfy, would recommend to anyone!
5	Great spin on a basic turtleneck! i like it unbuttoned just as must as buttoned! material is super soft. good length.
5	The quality of this jacket is outstanding. color combination is very chic and sophisticated. jacket is warm but not bulky.
5	Walked into the retailer store in new york, while on vacation, and saw this on display. had to try it on immediately and loved the look. received several compliments from customers in the store. it's beautifully made, soft on the inside and makes a great statement piece that i will enjoy for years to come!! you will need to size down cause it runs large. i love it............
4	Other reviewers have pointed out that these tops (i have both colors now, spoilers!) run long- and i am happy to agree. basically, there's a lot to work with here. i'm always looking for longer tops to traverse a larger bust, and this is a great hip-hitting length for me. plus, the neckline can be style multiple ways. all in all, a flattering better-than-basic sweater.
5	This is a pretty sweater that is great for transitioning to fall. wear it sleeveless on throw a leather jacket over it for cooler nights. fights true to size. the gray is a very pretty color. great addition to my wardrobe!
3	This vest was of excellent weight but it had very little style. it was like a giant piece of felt was cut out with little thought to design or nuance. not for me.
5	I love how this long sweater drapes. it's soft -feels great on - and looks fabulous over leggings or skinnys!
5	I most often fit into a size medium. based on prior reviews, i ordered this dress in a small and it fits perfectly. it drapes nicely. the fabric is soft and flows well. the under layer has a nice little stretch to it. the dress looks good with and without the belt. my favorite and most-slimming look is to just tie cinch and tie it in the back, such that it does not wrap around the front at all. the dress is so comfortable and the neckline is very flattering. no bra needed for my small bust.
3	This dress is really beautiful. very well made and high quality fabrics. unfortunately, it is cut very narrow. i am between sizes, ordered up and still felt like it was at least a size too small. i think if you have any curves in your midsection that this dress is going to be a challenge. if you are lean and straight then this will look great on you.
5	As with my other pilcro pants, i love the fit of these jeans. very soft fabric but don't stretch out too much after first wearing. the fabric is distressed but not so much that i worry about holes forming.
5	I bought the navy polka dot top and i love the way the design lets you work orange into your wardrobe if it's a color you wouldn't normally wear. the blouse is sheer so a camisole is needed underneath; i'm looking forward to layering over the blouse in the fall to add a pop of pattern to a navy sweater. i'm a 34f and size 12 fit me easily with extra room under the arms. the gathering stops above the bust so that it fit's snug above and loose below. worn loose, the blouse is fairly long, coverin
5	I was able to purchase this on sale and i'm so glad i did. i usually go between a size s and m (133 lbs., 5' 5", 34 d) but the small fits perfectly. the color really isn't dark orange as stated......kind of a cross between rose/pale red/ salmon but i really love the color. it's not super heavy weight but not really thin either....actually perfect!
5	I passed over this dress online thinking i'd never wear it. but, then i found myself inside an retailer store and decided to try it on. i am excited to say that i love this dress. it is soft and lovely. the cowl is large and the whole dress has a really great drape. my favorite thing is that the buttons along the back are functional. opening up the back turns this dress into a long cardigan that is to die for.
3	I wanted to love this dress. the colors are heavenly and it looks light and airy. it isn't, it is very heavy, much too heavy for florida heat. the top layer is a beautiful sand color and while the fabric is nice, the heaviness of the top really weighs the whole dress down. i felt like it added ten pounds to my appearance, easily. back it went, boo hoo. if you are between sizes, i would size down, runs a bit big.
5	The cut of this dress is what drew me to order it, but it is so much more! first, the fabric is more of a raw silk, which is more like a soft linen than silk.. it's also got a very soft lining that feels great on the skin, and it has pockets! love a dress with pockets! i also love that the design is on the front and back. i am 5' 4", 133 lbs and a 36c, and ordered a size 6. it's a little big on the sides, so i probably should've returned it for a 4, but it wasn't big enough to make it annoying o
4	This dress did end up working out for me. however i am very narrow in my chest and shoulders and i can see how it would be too tight on anyone with a med-lrg chest and/or broad shoulders. the fabric is light weight, nice for summer. it will need to be ironed and will wrinkle easily but it still looks well made to me. the slip is smaller than the dress but i feel that the dress is supposed to be "drapey". i kept it.
5	This jacket is the best! definitely my staple jacket for the spring. it is so comfortable and soft. i usually wear a small in retailer clothing, but i opted for the medium in this so there's a little room for layering. even with the extra room, it is so flattering. i absolutely love this jacket!
5	I'm so glad i found this gem in the store, as the online pic does this shirt no justice!  the green version is vibrant and adorable, and this shirt is lightweight, without being see-through.  for sizing reference: i'm 5'4", 135 lbs, 34c and a size 6 petite.  i tried this in the store in a size 4 and an 8 (only sizes they had) and rushed home to order it online in a 6.  perfect fit, so i believe its true to size.  the little details...the buttons and stitching make this shirt such a winner!
5	So this is actually a holding horses dress, its mislabeled on the website. tts, a stunning vintage inspired piece, very 40's but timeless. the keyhole isn't too low cut, this is appropriate for work. beautiful drape and great lining - this dress can twirl! i am usually a xsmall/small and went with the small, fits perfectly though a bit loose in the waist but still very flattering - the xsmall would have been too tight in the shoulders. lovely dress!
5	This dress drapes very well and is flattering to many different body shapes. the colors give it the flexibility to wear from summer into fall. gorgeously designed!
5	I bought the color "black motif"although the markings look more dark purple and are similar to tie dyed coloring which is one of the things i love about this top. the fabric is so soft and i love the way the neckline falls. it is slightly sheer so may want to wear camisole underneath. personally i'm fine without it. looks great with jeans. i also tried it on in the "blue motif" which is the stripe version but found nothing special about that one.
4	I really looked forward to receiving this piece, it was however extremely difficult to get on and off. you have to step into it and it is very narrow. it is difficult to get your arms in and i had to have my husband's help getting it off. i am 5'9" 135 pounds. i have a fit figure. i ordered a medium, i wear a small or x-small for a top and an 8 in shorts or pants. once it was on i was not thrilled with the extra material around the hips and tummy area. it is not terribly becoming, it bunches up
5	I love this slip.. i am contemplating whether i can pass it off as a dress over the summer. the skirt is a subtle shinier grey than the top. it is flattering with or without a bra and i am not usually the type to go without. i am 5'3, 32c and the xs fits perfectly! also i think it looks better in person.
5	I love it! i was hesitant to spend so much on a suit, but it's well worth the money. i'm 5'3", 140 lbs, and my stomach is my biggest problem area. i ordered a size 8 and it's a perfect fit and very flattering.
3	Like the color and romper style. this runs extremely large. i am normally a petite small and it was too large. with the wide- leg style and overall length you may need to alter this piece.
3	I have purchased many different styles of pilcro jeans, and have loved them all!!! these, unfortunately i do not like. i think they run large and the fit, just blah. the waist gapped and kinda had a "mom jean" look. i felt the quality was also not up to standard for this brand.
5	This was such an impulse buy- i bought it online during a sweater sale- and i am so glad i did! this is definitely one of my favorite recent purchases. it definitely seems more like a coat than a sweater, but it is lightweight. i ordered the red and it is beautiful. it looks great buttoned or left open and i think this could be dressed up or down (though it does have a hood, so that gives it a slightly more casual feel). it fits true to size- and it is definitely shorter in the front than the ba
5	Fun top for day or evening.
5	Love this one. i usually wear a medium, got this in medium and fits perfectly. i agree with the prior reviewer regarding the arms, they are a little snug, but i like the fit just as is. the pattern and medium thinkness were just what i was looking for.
5	I bought this dress for an awards ceremony, and couldn't be more pleased. the quality and detailing on the dress are great, and the hidden side zipper makes the dress easy to put on. i love that it's machine washable on a delicate setting. i've already worn it twice, and can't wait to wear it again for easter.
5	A perfect basic tee! loved how soft it is. not worth full price, but definitely one to add to your cart once on sale.
5	Tried this on today at my local retailer and had to have it. it is so comfortable and flattering. it's too bad the picture online has the model tucking it into the skirt because you can't see the ruching across the front. a little dressier alternative to a plain tee and reasonably priced for retailer. 5'8"" and i generally wear a 6, the small fit well. will probably be back for the black!
4	The craftmanship & material (not itchy at all to me) are exquisite for this unique sweater/coat, but the shape is not for me. i have a slender build, 5'8" 130 lbs, 34 b chest (i oredered my usual sm, which fit), and the silouette of this piece looked ridiculous on me. when buttoned, the top half was nicely fitted-- not snug; however, the lower half ballooned out to overemphasize the hips due to the pleating in back. the thing is, i have no hips, and having hips is a very good thing, though not i
5	I've been looking for a leather or faux leather jacket for years and years and this is the first one that i've ever loved so much! the style is edgy and modern, yet still feminine and flattering. love the cut of the jacket, so flattering! looks amazing with dresses, skirts or denim. i got the dark red color, and it's much more brown and neutral than it appears online. i would love to get the tan color as well, but it's currently sold out in my size. the faux leather looks believable and expensiv
5	This dress is very lightweight and great for fall/spring weddings. i received several compliments all night! sits very nice on the waist as well!
5	This is such a cute and different jacket. of course i asked if they had it in black but i am glad they didn't because this is such a great color that is so versatile. i use it as a topper when it is not that cold out with a short sleeve under it or a long sleeve fitted shirt. you can wear with jeans or black pants if you want. great material for the price as well. i am usually between a small but more of a medium in my jackets. i ordered this in xs/s and it has plenty of room to even wear a swea
2	This is one fabulous-looking dress; however, the really scratchy neckline at the lace edge was a deal-breaker for me. i even tried sizing up, to see if that would help, but it was still too scratchy for me.
4	Nice fabric and construction. the small fit me, a usual size 6. only problem: there is no way to easily use the bathroom in this thing! seriously. that's why i'm returning it.
4	On the hanger, this looks like a great dress .. especially to wear to a hawaii wedding. on me, not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle ... and the shorter length accentuated my big calves. for reference, i tried a 00p and i'm 5'1", 102#, and 34a.
5	I got this dress in pxxs in the gray color, i am 5'4", 100lbs, petite frame, and it fits like a dream. true to size. the fabric is super soft and thick, drapes well, not too tight, and u can wear a regular bra!!!. length is also perfect, no shortening required (which is rare for me - this could be an issue for tall girls but i wouldnt know about that). it looks great with dressy flip flops for any summer occasion, can be casual or dressy depending on accessories. great purchase, 100% recommend.
4	This tank top is great under cardigans or worn over shorts. the pocket and the seam along the bottom give it enough detail to be worn as a stand alone, but not too much to overshadow a stylish sweater layered over it. i bought the white one in the store in a medium and it fit great. then i purchased two more online (mango and pink) in the same size and they run a bit smaller than the one in the store. i thought the mango was a soft yellow from the photo online but it's pretty bright, as is the p
4	This is beautiful tunic for the spring and summer. great paired with jeans or white denim. runs large and is a true tunic length. very pretty fabric and built in camisole, too. only downside is that it probably needs to be hand washed/line dried to keep it looking like new.
4	I ordered this shirt through the website hoping it would look like it did on the model, it does! very nice, thick fabric. fits true to size, no complaints at all.
5	This is a wonderful style.
5	I "studied" this dress for weeks before i finally bought it. i am soooo glad i bought it. much more fabulous than the picture. soft, quality denim that is not too heavy for summer. very fitted on top. love the pockets and the torn hem.
5	I did the happy dance when the dress arrived, but the very sad dance when i tried it on. unfortunately, instead of following my instincts, i took the review here (and reviews from some other sites) to heart and ordered a size bigger than usual . huge mistake, as in this dress was huge -- much too big to alter and keep the integrity of design. for reference i'm 5'7, 130lbs, 34c. i usually wear an 8 dress (due to a very large rib cage). i ordered the 10 but was literally swimming. i think a 6 woul
4	I bought the pink, which is a vibrant but not neon shade of deep reddish pink. love it. i love how the flutter of the sleeves is balanced with a slimmer fitting body, which keeps it from looking frumpy. i did order a size down to achieve this look. i prefer a more tailored look so this suits me while satisfying my desire for a little whimsy now and then. my only issue is that it's too low cut. trying to decide if i just need to wear it with a lower-cut bra or if this requires a cami. i hate laye
5	Love this skirt! i have worn it to work with a simple black shirt for a great outfit! i have had many compliments on it. it is very flattering and comfortable!
5	I love sundry clothing. this lightweight fleece is the perfect weight. it keeps you warm enough when it's cold, but not hot when it is milder. it's super soft with nice embroidery. size 1 is a great fit for my 5'1" frame. wear it to hang at home or to go out.
3	Despite the fact that this jacket is made from a gorgeous ottoman looking knit fabric, and has perfect fit, nice arm length, looks good on the hanger, the jacket did me no justice at all. it arrived folded, in the mail, so i had to press down the unruly pleats before i could try it on (you have to do this with nearly every item you buy online that comes folded flat and stuck in a cellophane bag.). so i pressed the jacket, tried to neaten the pleats but to no avail. the pleats would not stay put
4	I purchased this gaucho as a gift for my mother. at first, i was about to try it for myself because gaucho is a little trend nowadays. but later, it turned out that it was a perfect fit for my mother. it went well with her perhaps because she saved a lot of her fashion from 1980s. it also fit well with contemporary fashion as well. however, i think it matches better with vintage fashion than to contemporary fashion. so, if you happen to save those "good old fashion", take them out and try
3	Still can't decide if i want to keep this. it's super comfortable but much thinner than expected and the color seems more navy blue than black.
1	The fit on this is so strange. the middle string is definitely too long and the thin halter top offers hardly any lift. the print is lovely and the quality nice for the price. the cups are padded, which is nice i suppose, but would barely cover anything bigger than a c cup i'm guessing. i'm a 32dd, size 8 in pants, and size 4/6 in dresses and i ordered a medium. i also have a long torso, which probably didn't help.
5	This is a very cute top. i am 5'4'', 170lbs, 34dd, and a large fit great. it fit perfectly in the chest, but the top is meant to be baggy at the bottom and long (it covers my bum). looks very cute with skinny jeans. love it!
5	A very versatile and cozy top. would look great dressed up or down for a casual comfy fall day. what a fun piece for my wardrobe!
5	This sweater is beautiful! it fits/drapes nicely, is a gorgeous color, feels soft, and is comfortable to wear. i'm generally a s or m in this brand and opted for the medium. the sleeves are pretty long--i have to role them up a bit or they cover half my hand, but that's all right--they look fine rolled. i highly recommend!
1	I love tiny button down tops. this one didn't work at all for me. i was excited about the mix prints but on it looked like i was wearing a vest over a striped shirt. also the arm was frayed on the shirt i tried on.
4	Reference: 100#, 5'1, 32a... ordered size xs.  the suit is pretty.  under the neckline, where the two orange panels meet the white center panel, that corner puckers a bit.  this will not happen if you have a larger chest than my 32a or have a longer/broader torso so that the fabric can stretch out, thus pulling that merging area flat.  the sides (cut out) lays flat when you stand up straight and gapes when your turn/bend to the side.  i think this is expected.  the bottom section, on the back, c
5	Very pleased with this top. i got the blue and white first and now i'm getting the red and white. the material is comfy and not sheer, and the slits at the side and the zipper in back add extra style.
5	This is one of those stunning retailer pieces that keep us coming back for more. it reminds me of the lithe dresses from the earlier retailer days. it fits tts. well made with side zipper that zips both the inner sheath and outer tulle overlay ( as opposed to those obnoxious linings that you wrestle with). the inner sheath has a fabulous lattice work pattern while the overlay has beading and embroidered detail.  sure to sell out.
5	This cardigan is very cute and versatile. the knit is medium weight and will work well for moderate weather. i would say that the sizing is pretty true to size, but maybe runs just a bit large. thus, if you are in between sizes, order the smaller size.
3	I like the idea of the dress, just not the fit in the bust. i'm not particularly big (32c), but it just didn't fit up there. i wish the dress had built in support because you can't really wear a bra.
5	I am very happy with this shirt. i don't like skin tight clothes. i bought this top a bit loose but it does not look like i am wearing a sack. it is tunic length on me so i have worn it with jeans and boots. i love the way it flows while i walk. very flattering on. would definitely recommend!
5	I've been looking for a great white blouse for awhile, and this is it! the tie waist is especially flattering for hourglass figures, but i'm sure it would add some curves to any body type. the fabric is soft, not crisp, and drapes beautifully. you definitely will be doing some ironing, though. it's a bit sheer, but i always wear nude bras and felt no need for a cami. i did buy the regular, rather than petite sizing and usually wear a 0 or 2, but had to size up to a 4 regular to avoid gaping in f
1	The fabric was nothing special (i usually like a cotton/silk blend woven fabric, but this was stiff feeling) and the pattern was cute. but what made me return it was the fact that 1) the rose gold glitter dots are puffy paint. literally. puffy. paint. and 2) the dots were not quite dry on my top when it arrived. parts of the paint came off on my fingers and the top was stuck to itself because of it. i could barely unfold it. i'm sure this could have been cute, but who wants a top that looks lik
5	Confortable and looks great how ever you wear it.
5	I probably would not have purchased this sweater had i only seen it online because i typically think wool is scratchy, but this sweater caught my eye in the store and it is as soft as a sweater can get. i love the pink with the gold trim. it is so soft and warm. i have washed and worn it a few times already and have not had any problems with stretching, either.
5	Cloth and stone never lets me down! awesome quality, comfort, and versatility. i imagine myself living in this dress this summer! soft fabric, easy breezy fit, pockets, machine washable...what's not to love? go buy it!
5	I am so pleased with my purchase. the two different levels of the dress is just simply fun and unique. the attached matching, adjustable baby blue slip is a nice add. neither the dress or slip fit too tight or too loose around my torso. i ordered a small which fits me perfect and in case it is helpful, i am 5'7", 133, and a 36a. if you have been considering this dress, don't delay, especially at the wonderful sale price!
5	I've been looking for the right leggings that are of good quality, thick enough to feel appropriately covered, and a good price point - these are those leggings! need more!
5	This is a beautiful cardigan. its effortless, lightweight, with some cool detail to keep that low key look extra stylish. the moss color is very subtle with a small lined print. i wanted to love this...the detail, the length, the weight and the color are all so dreamy...but for me, the arms were super tight. normally i'm a l or xl in all retailer tops and sweaters...and i do have larger arms which is always a struggle for me when shopping. i couldn't even get the cardigan on my arms. there is no s
4	This dress has a great design for any frame. it looks great with a belt to accentuate the waist but the dress stands great alone and doesn't require a lot of styling.
5	I saw this on one of the gals at my local retailer and fell in love. it is the coolest bomber and i instantly fell for it. i went with my normal l and i will be wearing this all fall and winter long it's just so unique and eye catching
1	It seemed to stay in place and did not require constant readjustment. however, i found the band to be extremely small and tight. it is not the most comfortable bra because of the way the band just presses into your skin.
1	So unflattering! really disappointed. made me look 6 month pregnant and i'm a petite size 2.
5	Mine was slightly tight across the bust area, but i'm able to leave it open with a light tank underneath. it still looks great!
3	I was excited about this - - such a lovely look online. but on me...it was just meh. i'm a little heavy right now so that could be playing into it...but i will say i loved the top part of the dress. very flattering and subtly sexy. but the bottom..it just hangs like a rag. it needs either more material for a swishier effect...or it needs to be a different material. or maybe knit just doesn't work on me in the form of a dress! the knit is nice but i kind of also feel like it is chintzy...i can't
5	I love the look of peplum tops, i think they are very forgiving, and they do a fantastic job of hiding my residual baby weight while still allowing me to look like i have an amazing figure (not washed out figure). i have several peplum tops, but most of them are made out of a thicker fabric and they don't have much movability. i absolutely love this one because it is a more casual design and much more comfortable than i am used to while still keeping the integrity of the peplum design. the fabri
3	This dress looks so beautiful on the model and i couldn't resist ordering it on-line. i have an athletic build -- read small hips -- straight. i'm 5'5' and 135 lbs. i was very disappointed when i put on. it's made for a curvy build. the dress was just too big, especially around the hips. i think this dress is probably beautiful on a curvier build!
5	I can't say enough about this top! absolutely adorable, the pics don't do it justice. it is made of a soft, medium weight jersey material. the lace makes the top more dressey and unique. the drop waiste elongatesy our torso and is loose pleated at the bottom for interest. i am 5'6'', 135 pounds, and long waisted. this fits me perfect (sz small.) the pleated bottom on me begins at low hips (below belly button) so it layes nice and is very flattering. no swing to the top,no bulky extra flare at al
3	I had to call so many stores to track this shirt down and in the end it wasn't worth it. i got an xs and it was quite baggy. i never buy petite shirts because i feel like they are too short but in this case i think the shirt would have been perfect in whatever the smallest petite size is. for someone who's bigger i'd definitely check this shirt out.
3	Wow was this top huge on me! i am usually a large, but lean towards xl when things don't have stretch. i sized up out of fear that my bust couldn't squeeze into a large (36dd) and i didn't want the buttons in the back to gape. when i took this out of the package (i purchased the blue) i knew right away it was way too big. looked like it could fit my husband. the sides poofed out so far, i looked ridiculous (if you look at the photos, the model is trying very hard to control the poofiness with he
4	This is a good skirt, although i think the fabric keeps it from being great. it fits well, has a good shape, and drapes nicely. the synthetic material is ok, and i'll keep it, but it may limit the use. i'll wear it to work, but probably not to nicer events.
5	This is such a neat dress. the color is great and the fabric is super soft. i am tall so the long length was an added bonus. it definitely needs something underneath since the front gaps. i am going to pair it with a funky tank top, necklaces and boots. super cute!!
5	Love this dress! it can be worn in cold or warm weather with tights and boots or sandals and bare legs. the fit is roomy and a little longer in back. it washes nicely without losing length.
2	I ordered a regular size s and it was way too boxy for my body type and shorter than the stated length. i don't know if the length stated is from a size m, but the small was definitely shorter (in the front at least).  if you're petite with curves like me, it's not a flattering cut.
2	Loved the material and the style. unfortunately, my fears came true when i received this swimsuit, and there wasn't enough support despite a review i had read. as a 36d, i thought the halter would be enough support, however, the material is too stretchy to rely on that completely. i am sad i won't be keeping this though. the material is heavenly!!!
5	This dress is even prettier in person. i'm 5'5" and usually a 4 in fit and flare dresses and got this in a 4. fits like a glove and hits right above my knee. the hook and eye closure does get caught on the delicate lace, so be careful of that. otherwise, this dress is perfect for summer weddings!
5	Love this jacket!!! it is soooo soft and goes with everything. you will want to wear it every day. loved it so much i bought my mother one, too.
5	This is a great white dress for summer. i tried on a 4 in store and it was too big for me especially in the underarm area. when i tried on the 2, it fit perfectly. i almost felt like there should be a 3, ha ha, because it felt like it made more of a difference to downsize than i expected. that being said, i took the 2 home since it looked like it was tailored to fit my body (but not in a super tight way). fyi, i'm not super curvy. if you have a larger chest you may need your regular size.
3	So, this dress is extremely comfortable, but it's just really awkward. i am on the fence about keeping it, my husband loves it and thinks i should. it just draws attention to the belly, so any issues after having kids, is very noticeable. not to mention the huge cutouts for the arms. very comfortable, but not sure if i will keep it.
4	I love the style of this dress but felt that it didn't look great on. really sad it didn't work out :( felt like it was too short and the drop waist was awkward and looked childish. beautiful fabric and design if it fits you well though!
4	I needed to write a review only because i feel like the dress is getting a bad rap by other reviewers. it is a loose, flowy, swing dress. i typically wear structured fit and flare dresses, but i do love a feminine, loose, casual dress from time to time too. this totally fit the bill. it is true to size, fitted on the arms, loose and swingy everywhere else. i got the peach color and love it. the cotton slip underneath is very comfortable too. i ordered the sp and it hits just above my knees in th
5	I am 5'4, so i feel i'm on the cusp of petite/regular sizing. i ordered 2p, (about 125-130lbs), and the dress fit perfectly. it's so pretty (i got blue), i ordered this for my upcoming trip for our anniversary...i feel like i can wear with sandals or heels, with leggings or no leggings. beautifully made. kind of pricey, but worth it.
5	Someone else mentioned that this fit like a grandpa sweater and they were absolutely right. it's definitely loose fitting, but it's really cute and well made. i usually get a medium size in tops/sweaters but, after reading the other reviews, i ordered the small and i'm so glad i did - it's the perfect casual cardigan. i wish it came in more colors!
4	I think this jumpsuit is different! the xs fit well and the material is a pretty color but very soft. the store had it styled with a metallic scarf that really accessorized it well.  i thought it would be great for my date night but stopped short of buying because i just can't picture this worn to other outings.  it is very unique though so i just might be back to purchase.
5	Great dress! needs a tank top underneath, but has a great shop.
